AI at Duke - AI at Duke
About
Resources
Learn with AI
Research with AI
Teach with AI
Work with AI
Events
News
Contact
Search
AI at Duke
Duke encourages you to practice responsible prompting not only to minimize AI’s carbon footprint but also to promote ethical, accurate, and inclusive use.
Prompt Responsibly.
Artificial Intelligence is rapidly transforming our future by driving innovation across research and education. It plays a pivotal role in advancing scientific discovery, from accelerating medical breakthroughs to solving complex global challenges. Duke’s AI Framework establishes four pillars built upon a strong, foundational AI infrastructure and systems.
“The recent advances we have made in AI represent perhaps the largest breakthrough humanity has had in decades. As such, AI is clearly one of the biggest opportunities and biggest challenges we will face in higher education for the foreseeable future.”
– Provost Alec Gallimore
Resources for
the Duke Community
Learn
Understand the impact of AI tools on your learning experience.
Research
Engage in cutting-edge research on AI at Duke.
Teach
Explore the opportunities and challenges of teaching in the age of AI.
Work
Optimize workflows and drive innovation with AI applications.
New AI Product from Duke Professors Tackles Information Discovery and Synthesis
“AI is completely changing the way we consume information,” says Jon Reifschneider. “At some point in the future, the vast majority of information flowing to us will do so with the assistance of AI. So, the question then becomes: what role is it playing?”
Read the full article
Listen to an AI-Generated podcast of the article
The Latest on AI at Duke
Upcoming Events
Rooted in Duke’s
AI Framework
, which emphasizes interdisciplinary collaboration, ethical responsibility, and cutting-edge research, the Triangle AI Summit will foster a balanced approach to AI—one that maximizes its benefits while addressing its challenges. Through meaningful dialogue and an engaging showcase of classroom AI applications, this summit will serve as a catalyst for deeper engagement and informed leadership in AI across the Triangle region.
The Triangle AI Summit
will be a dynamic gathering of faculty, staff, and community members from across the region designed to engage with the evolving landscape of artificial intelligence. As a hub for AI research and innovation, Duke University invites participants to explore the transformative potential of AI while critically examining its ethical, social, humanitarian and environmental implications.
Learn More & Register
See All Events
Advance your AI Skills
Duke faculty who are experts on AI have developed Coursera courses based on their on-campus courses and scholarly work so that learners from around the world can access transformative educational experiences from Duke.
Duke faculty, staff and students can freely access these and over 4,000 other courses and specializations via
Coursera for Duke
.
Introduction to Generative AI
Beginner
Developing Explainable AI (XAI)
Intermediate
Human Factors in AI
Beginner
Introduction to Machine Learning
Intermediate
Study AI at Duke
The Department of Computer Science
offers majors and minor concentrations in Artificial Intelligence for Duke undergraduate students.
The
Master of Engineering in Artificial Intelligence
for Product Innovation will prepare you with strong technical AI skills complemented by hands-on practical experience building AI software applications that solve real-world problems.
Contact Us
dukeai@duke.edu
Home
About
AI Resources
Events
News