The Home of Duke Alumni | Duke
Skip to main content
For everything ahead.
Forever Duke.
With 200,000+ Blue Devils across the globe, wherever you go after graduation, you can grow your network, career, and passions by connecting with alumni who share your love of Duke.
For everything ahead.
Forever Duke.
With 200,000+ Blue Devils across the globe, wherever you go after graduation, you can grow your network, career, and passions by connecting with alumni who share your love of Duke.
Support Duke Students
Duke's Last Day of Classes (LDOC) is April 23! LDOC is a time for students to celebrate their incredible accomplishments over the past semester — inside and outside the classroom. Many of their experiences are made possible by YOU through your donations. Philanthropy combined with students’ personal pursuits of passions and interests are a catalyst for lasting change and impact.  We are MADE FOR THIS. Make a gift today!
Make a gift today!
Welcome,
let’s connect
Find and connect with alumni
Update profile
Post a class note
Search for groups
Make a gift
MADE FOR THIS
Are you MADE FOR THIS?
Commencing publicly in February 2025, the MADE FOR THIS campaign for Duke University will seek to engage our global community of alumni and friends to help Duke meet its highest ambitions. Our campaign will extend our value and impact to the world in areas where we know we can make a difference: science and technology, student experience, health and climate.
Are you MADE FOR THIS?
Volunteer
Making a difference. The Duke way.
As alumni, we can be the strategic thinkers, and we can be the doers. We take bold action, build up our communities, and lead the way, as only Duke leaders can.
Learn more
Find inspiration
Duke alumni programming
Our growing Duke community remains united and strong with the help of our Blue Devil friends. Discover ways you can support Duke Alumni programming by volunteering or attending events.
Get involved
Make a gift
A farm in Cuba as seen from the deck of a restaurant
A Cuban street
Travel
Explore the world
with Duke
Book your travel
Feed your Blue Devil curiosity while exploring the world. Join us in November for our next immersive travel program, Havana, featuring the Afro-Cubana Experience.
Book your travel
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Duke University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the
Duke Privacy Statement
.
I ACCEPT