Skip to the content
Climate Commitment
Toggle the mobile menu
Toggle the search field
Focus Areas
What We’re Doing
Earth Month 2025
Get Involved
Leadership
Search
Focus Areas
What We’re Doing
Earth Month 2025
Get Involved
Leadership
The Duke Climate Commitment
The Duke Climate Commitment is addressing the climate challenge with true impact through innovations in education, research, sustainable operations, external engagement and community partnerships. Duke is creating sustainable actions that place society on the path toward a resilient, flourishing net-zero world for all.
What We're Doing
Duke Climate Road Trip
Follow the Journey
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Duke Climate Commitment - Q&A with Toddi Steelman
Toddi Steelman, Vice President and Vice Provost for Climate and Sustainability at Duke, talks about the latest updates on the Duke Climate Commitment including the 2030 Strategy to guide its research, education, external engagement, sustainable operations and community partnerships. She also talked about the focus areas of the Climate Commitment and the connection to Duke’s future.
Provost and Graduate School Soliciting Proposals for "Interdisciplinary Graduate Education Collaboratives"
Each IGEC will receive $2.2 million over five years to support programming and partial funding for participating Ph.D. students. We seek proposals related to climate, AI and society, and other compelling interdisciplinary topics of strategic interest. Deadline March 19, 2025
Duke's Journey to Carbon Neutrality
Seventeen years ago, Duke University pledged to achieve carbon neutrality by 2024, the year of its centennial. A new Duke Today series explores the varied efforts the university used to achieve that goal.
Duke Experts Talk Finance, Energy Transition, Debt, Risk and more at Climate Week
Our experts shared insights and research at Climate Week NYC 2024. Their contributions underscored the critical role academic institutions will have in driving solutions and fostering global collaboration to manage climate change.
Hiring of Climate Faculty Spreads Across Campus
Duke’s climate and sustainability efforts are creating new faculty opportunities across campus. There are eleven climate-related faculty searches currently underway.
Latest News
Spotlight on Climate-Related Health Challenges
April 11, 2025
During a presentation Elizabeth Rojo stopped at a slide listing two names and photos. The two people had recently died working on North Carolina farms in high heat conditions. With 2.3 million farm workers in the U.S., the state of North Carolina has the sixth largest farmworker community nationwide, said Rojo, a Ph.D. candidate at […]
Photo Essay: Sustainability Conference Held at Duke brings together 23 universities
April 7, 2025
The Southeastern Student Sustainability Conference brought more than 200 students and staff from 23 universities to Duke April 4-6 to share ideas on campus-based climate and sustainability initiatives. Hosted by Duke’s Office of Climate and Sustainability, the conference facilitated knowledge sharing, connection and community building among participants across a dozen states. The convening highlighted key […]
Oceans Week Highlights Duke Scholarship, Local Sustainable Seafood
April 3, 2025
Jessica Castner to Build Learning on Climate and Health in Role as Climate Leader in Residence
March 24, 2025
News & Views »
UPCOMING EVENTS
Subscribe to the Duke Climate Commitment Newsletter
The commitment builds on Duke’s longstanding leadership in climate, energy and sustainability to educate a new generation of climate-fluent innovators and create equitable solutions for all. Duke-affiliated students, staff- and faculty can subscribe to the Duke Climate Commitment newsletter.
Subscribe to the newsletter
A Timeline of Climate at Duke
Get Involved
Engaging the entire Duke community is a critically important facet of our commitment to address the climate crisis. Find out how you can get involved.
Get Involved
Duke
Duke University
2080 Duke University Road
Durham, NC 27708
Contact / Feedback
Accessibility
Powered by
WordPress
&
Theme by
Anders Norén