Hire a MIDS Student
Be a Capstone Partner
Get More Info
About
History of MIDS
Message from the Director
2025 Class Profile
2024 Class Profile
2023 Class Profile
2022 Class Profile
Employment Reports
News
Contact Us
Admissions
Admissions Chair Message
Why Choose MIDS?
Admissions Requirements
Tuition and Financial Aid
Financing Your Degree
FAQ
Digital Swag
Student Life
Housing
The Basics
Fitness and Health
Dining
Get Involved
Duke and Durham
Academics
Summary of Degree Requirements
Bootcamp
MIDS Courses
Elective Requirements
Quantitative Finance
Student Groups
Summer Internships
Internship Testimonials
Capstone Projects
Capstone Projects List
People
Directors
Administration
Faculty
Students
2026
2025
Alumni
2024
2023
2022
2021
2020
Partnerships
Capstone Partnerships
All Capstone Projects
Hire a MIDS Student
Attend an Event
Alumni
Alumni Stories
Data Science is Interdisciplinary
Duke University Master in Interdisciplinary Data Science (MIDS)
combines rigorous computational and technical training with field knowledge and repeated practice in critical thinking, teamwork, communication, and collaborative leadership to produce data scientists who can add value to any field.
Interested in being a Capstone Partner?
Courses
Capstone Projects
Employment Reports
Class Profiles
Why Choose Duke MIDS?
Experienced faculty
Small class sizes
Interdisciplinary curriculum
Team-based science
Capstone Projects
About MIDS
Our Students Bring a Global Perspective
“I truly enjoyed interning at Carta Healthcare. I got the opportunity to experience the startup culture and work on a variety of tasks and had amazing mentors from whom I learned a great deal about building scalable applications.”
Prajwal Vijendra, MIDS 2020
“I enjoyed going through the process of doing original research: initially casting a wide net and through exploration and investigation, narrowing it down into a topic that is interesting and relevant. Most importantly, I learned the importance of teamwork in doing research, and how great research is often built on the shoulders of a great team.”
Abdur Rehman, MIDS 2021
“I began my internship at DataWorks NC with a vision of somehow bringing the strengths of data science to the world of community organizing and non-profit work. I wanted to use the rigorous data analysis techniques I was learning at Duke to add to the local conversation around chronic stress and health.”
Allison Young, MIDS 2020
“Capstone projects allow students to gain real-world experience working with non-academic stakeholders on problems they’re interested in. These projects also encourage students to think critically and apply the culmination of skills they have learned while at MIDS.”
Nathan Warren, MIDS 2021
“What influenced me the most when choosing MIDS were the international student body, the interdisciplinary nature of the program, the focus on developing both technical and domain expertise, and the possibility to study in one of the best and most beautiful universities in the world.”
Guillem Amat, MIDS 2021
“At MIDS, the interdisciplinary nature of the courses impressed me the most. Also, the flexibility around course selection, focus on team effort and the capstone project seemed really exciting. The program is not just around building technical skills, but also about developing analytical skills in general.”
Ashwini Marathe, MIDS 2021
Duke MIDS by the Numbers
students enrolled
countries represented
age range
%
prior work experience
Alumni: Get Involved
Mentor a student, attend a workshop, catch up with former classmates, and more!
Alumni
Become a Partner
Learn how you can help MIDS students—and how they can help you.
Partnerships
Kate Coulter (’20) recognized as one of the Top 50 Women Leaders of Delaware for 2025
Kate Coulter (Technology Director, Delaware Democratic Party) is an experienced professional with a robust background in data analysis, technology management, and project coordination. She was part of the inaugural MIDS cohort and recently recognized as one of the Top 50 Women Leaders of Delaware for 2025. Coulter is a socially-driven data scientist who is passionate […]
MIDS Capstone Symposium
April 2nd, 2025
Come listen to students and their external partners as they talk about their capstone projects that focus on solving impactful problems.
A Talk with Kai Cui, Neuberger Berman
March 5th, 2025
Kai Cui Managing Director | Head of Data Science Neuberger Berman Kai Cui is Managing Director and Head of Data Science at Neuberger Berman, where he leads the firm’s data...
A Talk with Stephen Jeselson, U.S. Bank
March 1st, 2025
Stephen J Jeselson Managing Director | Head of Private Capital and Global Asset Management | Institutional Client Group U.S. Bank Stephen Jeselson is the head of U.S. Bank’s Private Capital...
Read all news
Apply
Partner
© 2025 Duke University, Social Science Research Institute |
Accessibility
Follow
Follow
Follow
Follow
Follow