Nicholas Institute for Energy, Environment & Sustainability | The Nicholas Institute for Energy, Environment & Sustainability
Skip to main content
Join Our Email List
Search
Search
Toggle navigation
Trending
Extreme Heat
Climate Resilience and Adaptation
Plastics Policy
Sustainable Infrastructure
Decarbonization
Water Policy
Nature-Based Solutions
Energy Data Analytics
More
Energy Access
Transmission and Power Markets
View all Issues
Main navigation
About
About the Nicholas Institute
Annual Report
People
Board of Advisors
Advisory Committees
Work With Us
Issues
Education
Education
Courses
Degree Programs
Events, Trips & Hands-On Experiences
Student-Fueled Initiatives
Experts
Publications
Events
News
Search
Join our email list
→
Oceans Week
Oceans Week celebrated Duke’s leadership in ocean sustainability and explored how institutions can source local, regional and sustainable seafood to reduce carbon footprints and support coastal communities.
Photo Essay: Blue Devils Dive into Oceans Week
Climate Leader in Residence
Jessica Castner, Ph.D., RN-BC, a distinguished expert on nursing and health policy, has embarked on a yearlong term as Duke University’s third Climate Leader in Residence (CLIR).
Meet Jessica Castner
Rethinking Load Growth
The U.S. power system has the potential to add nearly 100 GW of new load from data centers driving the AI boom and other energy-intensive sources without costly system upgrades, according to a
new study
by Duke University scholars.
Read three key takeaways from the study
iStock/Gerville
Featured Issue
Decarbonization
To meet the temperature targets set by the Paris Agreement, the world economy needs to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 through an energy transition.
Project
South Carolina Electric Vehicle Stakeholder Initiative
Expert
Trey Gowdy
Featured News
Climate Pathfinders: Tyler Ratcliffe Brings the Energy
All news >
Publications
The Use and Impacts of an Ethanol Cooking Fuel Promotion Pilot in Dar es Salaam
The Costs and Benefits of Clean Cooking Policies in Low- and Middle-Income Countries Under Real-World Conditions
All publications
Events
2025 Fortin Foundation Bass Connections Showcase
Wednesday, April 16, 2025 - 3:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m.
2025 State Energy Conference of North Carolina
Tuesday, April 29, 2025 to Wednesday, April 30
Save the Dates for Energy Week at Duke: Nov. 3-7, 2025
Monday, November 3, 2025 to Friday, November 7
All events
News
Zwane to Lead Nicholas Institute’s Research and Engagement Strategy Efforts
April 7, 2025
How Churches and Communities Are Teaming Up for Climate Resilience
April 5, 2025
Photo Essay: Blue Devils Dive into Oceans Week
April 2, 2025
All news
About
The Nicholas Institute for Energy, Environment & Sustainability at Duke University accelerates solutions to critical energy and environmental challenges, advancing a more just, resilient, and sustainable world.
The Nicholas Institute conducts and supports actionable research and undertakes sustained engagement with policymakers, businesses, and communities—in addition to delivering transformative educational experiences to empower future leaders. The Nicholas Institute’s work is aligned with the
Duke Climate Commitment
, which unites the university’s education, research, operations, and external engagement missions to address climate challenges.
About the institute >
Join our email list >
Our People
Kyle Bradbury
Director, Energy Data Analytics Lab
Kyle Bradbury, assistant research professor with the Pratt School of Engineering and Nicholas School of the Environment and director of the Energy Data Analytics Lab at the Nicholas Institute, leads research developing and applying machine learning techniques to better understand, plan, and manage energy systems and climate impacts. He and his team specialize in developing scalable computer vision techniques for global infrastructure assessment through remote sensing data.
Kyle recommends:
Daniel Kahneman’s
Thinking, Fast and Slow
is the best book to understand the nuances of our cognitive glitches and to help us make better choices professionally and personally.
Hans Rosling, Ola Rosling, and Anna Rosling Rönnlund’s
Factfulness—Ten Reasons We’re Wrong About the World—and Why Things Are Better Than You Think
offers a data-supported, genuinely hopeful view of the world, how it’s better than it was not so long ago, and the potential for human progress.
FULL STAFF >
Fueling ambitions. Powering networks. Accelerating solutions.
Work With Us
Education
Support Our Research
Contact
Accessibility
LinkedIn
X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
Join Our Email List
Staff