Overview | Duke Engineering Master's Programs
Apply
Menu
Admissions
Why Duke?
How to Apply
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admitted Students
Academic Programs
Degree Programs
Certificates & Specializations
Degree Requirements
Flexible Options
Life at Duke
Life at Duke
Career Services
Student Resources
News & Events
News
Events
Search
Submit
Student Resources
Careers
Directory
Apply
Artificial Intelligence Program Overview
Artificial Intelligence
Program Overview
Degree Details
Certificate Details
AI Graduate Courses
Faculty
Leadership & Staff
News
Student Resources
Request Info
How to Apply
Go to...
Artificial Intelligence
Program Overview
Degree Details
Certificate Details
AI Graduate Courses
Faculty
Leadership & Staff
News
Student Resources
Request Info
How to Apply
Artificial Intelligence Program Overview
Why Join Duke AI?
Duke’s AI Master of Engineering develops technical leaders who are equipped to build our future through AI and machine learning. Students build strong technical skills together with an understanding of how to design and build software products, positioning them to build new AI products and systems that solve the challenging problems our world faces.
Our unique program differentiates itself through:
A strong focus on applied machine learning and MLOps to solve real-world problems
An experiential model of education where students learn by doing, building a portfolio of personal and team projects to show potential employers
A heavy emphasis on industry collaboration, with students engaging with industry leaders during their capstone projects, industry seminars, and internships
A diverse, close-knit cohort from all over the world and an emphasis on close interaction with our leading faculty
We Welcome Diverse Participants
The Duke AI program is designed for engineers and scientists from all regions of the world with a variety of technical and scientific backgrounds. We intentionally cultivate a diverse group of students passionate about several different fields and industries. Roughly half of our students join the program directly after their undergraduate studies, and the other half join after gaining work experience.
Many students enter the program with a strong prior background in programming or software development, while others enter with less programming experience but stronger domain-specific expertise. The unique design of our program accommodates both of these applicant profiles.
Browse Student Profiles
3/25/22
Pratt School of Engineering
Shining a Spotlight on: Eduardo Martinez ’22
AIPI Student sets his sights on San Francisco
5/27/22
Artificial Intelligence
Shining a Spotlight on: Shyamal Anadkat ’22
Duke AIPI graduate sets sights on the future, changing the world for the better with AI
An Interdisciplinary Experience
At Duke Engineering, technical training is combined with management courses, industry seminars, a real-world capstone project and an industry internship to provide a well-rounded educational experience that develops both the hard skills and soft skills needed to succeed.
Explore Curriculum
A Flexible Degree Designed For You
Duke has you covered: Study on-campus or online. Start with the summer pre-program online data science and programming boot camp. Finish in as little as 12 months of full-time study through the accelerated course schedule, or stay for a third semester and focus on industry-oriented electives.
Course Descriptions
Partnered with Industry
Duke’s AI curriculum was created from scratch and designed with heavy input from AI leaders across industries.
Our faculty come with experience at the top of the tech industry and in successful startups prior to joining Duke.
We work closely with industry partners who provide real-world projects for your Capstone Project experience, including some of the leading large techology, healthcare IT, and retail companies.
Meet all our faculty and staff
Jon Reifschneider Profile Photo
Jon Reifschneider
Executive Director, AI for Product Innovation Master’s Program
Brinnae Bent Profile Photo
Brinnae Bent
Executive in Residence in the Engineering Graduate and Professional Programs
Xu Chen Profile Photo
Xu Chen
Adjunct Assistant Professor in the Pratt School of Engineering
Natalia Summerville Profile Photo
Natalia Summerville
Adjunct Associate Professor in the Engineering Graduate and Professional Programs
Great Graduate Outcomes
Duke’s
Pratt School of Engineering
is a vibrant teaching and research school set in one of the world’s leading universities. Our graduates are a global alumni network of leaders spanning multinational companies, small businesses, and high-growth startups.
Duke AI students go into some of the most in-demand and exciting job roles available, such as ML Engineers, AI Engineers, and Data Scientists. Our students join companies across a variety of industries who are leading the way in applying AI/ML to their businesses.
Browse Graduate Outcomes Data
What Tech Leaders Are Saying
There is a growing need for engineers with domain knowledge plus machine learning skills, and Duke’s AI for Product Innovation master’s and certificate programs help address that need with its focus on developing leaders who can apply advanced analytics to create new products & services.
Adnan Haider
Senior Vice President, Analytics at Zafin, 2008 Duke Engineering Master’s Graduate
LinkedIn Logo
The strength of Duke’s reputation in AI and Machine Learning, combined with the focus on applying these technologies to solve the world’s big challenges in healthcare, retail, energy and beyond, make Duke the logical choice for someone interested in pursuing education in this space.
Tarun Thapar
Head of Product, Amazon Business, 2015 Duke Engineering Master’s Graduate
LinkedIn Logo
Institute for Enterprise Engineering
The Duke Artificial Intelligence Master of Engineering program, offered by Duke Engineering’s Institute for Enterprise Engineering, provides cutting-edge education to meet the demands of in rapidly evolving industries.
Leveraging expertise in:
Computing Fundamentals
AI and Machine Learning
Cybersecurity
FinTech, including Blockchain
Engineering Management
Learn more about IEnE
Duke Pratt School of Engineering Logo
305 Teer Engineering Bldg
Box 90271
Durham, NC 27708
(919) 660-5386
Duke Engineering Now Newsletter
Email
Contact
Industry Relations
Visit
Give
Emergency Information
Accessibility
Report a Web Problem
© Copyright
— All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Duke University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the
Duke Privacy Statement
.
I Accept