AI Affiliates | Duke Engineering Master's Programs
Apply
Menu
Admissions
Why Duke?
How to Apply
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admitted Students
Academic Programs
Degree Programs
Certificates & Specializations
Degree Requirements
Flexible Options
Life at Duke
Life at Duke
Career Services
Student Resources
News & Events
News
Events
Search
Submit
Student Resources
Careers
Directory
Apply
Data Science & AI Industry Affiliates
Strengthening relationships between industry and Duke
Join Duke in developing the next generation of leaders equipped to apply data science and artificial intelligence (AI) across industries:
All interested organizations—large or small—are eligible to apply
Affiliates form relationships with Duke’s outstanding data science, machine learning and AI faculty
And, affiliates work with faculty to develop hands-on student practicum projects on topics important to their organizations
Also, affiliates have access to additional benefits—including discounts on Duke educational programs, access to recruiting events, and more.
To learn more, and to become an affiliate please contact us.
Email Us
Data Science and AI at Duke
Sources: U.S. News, NeurIPS Publication Index, Academic Analytics
#1
computer engineering research productivity in the U.S.
Top 20
electrical engineering research productivity in the U.S.
#6
graduate computer engineering
Top 20
graduate computer engineering program in the U.S.
Benefits for Affiliates
15% Discount on Educational Opportunities for Working Professionals. For all your employees.
Browse current offerings.
Work With Students on a Project Important to You. Annual student practicum project shaped by you and a Duke project leader
Complimentary Priority Access to
TechConnect
. Access the twice-yearly Engineering & Computer Science student recruiting event.
Engage with students, get a Duke point of contact, and more…
Practicum Opportunities
Affiliates may engage in one or more annual student practicum experiences in these Duke programs:
Master in Interdisciplinary Data Science
Rhodes Information Initiative at Duke’s Data+ Program
Master of Engineering in AI for Product Innovation
Duke Electrical & Computer Engineering Master’s Degree Programs
Email Us
Duke Pratt School of Engineering Logo
305 Teer Engineering Bldg
Box 90271
Durham, NC 27708
(919) 660-5386
Duke Engineering Now Newsletter
Email
Contact
Industry Relations
Visit
Give
Emergency Information
Accessibility
Report a Web Problem
© Copyright
— All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Duke University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the
Duke Privacy Statement
.
I Accept