Home | Duke Engineering Master's Programs
Apply
Menu
Admissions
Why Duke?
How to Apply
Tuition & Financial Aid
Admitted Students
Academic Programs
Degree Programs
Certificates & Specializations
Degree Requirements
Flexible Options
Life at Duke
Life at Duke
Career Services
Student Resources
News & Events
News
Events
Search
Submit
Student Resources
Careers
Directory
Apply
Career-Ready Degrees
Designed by Duke to meet evolving industry needs
Explore Programs
Request Info
Play / Pause background
You’ve Got the Career Vision and a Great Foundation
But, now you need the advanced knowledge, skills and experience to make your vision a reality. Advance your career with a master’s degree from Duke. Take one of our tailored pathways:
Master of Engineering (MEng)
Master of Science (MS)
Master of Engineering Management (MEM)
Deepen your understanding of technology while developing the business leadership and management expertise you need to succeed. At Duke, enhance your critical thinking and communication skills to compete in tomorrow’s high-tech industries.
Explore Programs
19
Disciplines
2 to 5
Semesters
Business skills courses
Internship opportunities
Explore Master’s Programs
Artificial Intelligence
Biomedical Engineering
Civil Engineering
Climate & Sustainability Engineering
Computational Mechanics & Scientific Computing
Cybersecurity
Design & Technology Innovation
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Engineering Management
Environmental Engineering
Financial Technology
Game Design, Development & Innovation
Materials Science
Mechanical Engineering
Medical Technology Design
Photonics & Optical Sciences
Risk Engineering
Duke Engineering Institute for Enterprise Engineering
IEnE offers individuals and organizations powerful tools to transform organizations positively.
Its educational offers combine mastery of emerging technologies with training in leadership and business—producing high-impact professionals with the skills to improve performance and accelerate innovation.
Educational Offerings Include:
Professional master’s degrees
Graduate certificates
Executive training
Coursera online specializations
Partner with Duke
News
View all news
4/9
Cybersecurity
Duke Cybersecurity Student Sejal Nayak will intern for Amazon as a Security Engineer
4/9
Pratt School of Engineering
Future Blockchain Innovator: Khadeja Clarke
Duke University’s Master’s in Financial Technology (FinTech) program is known for producing graduates who go on to become leaders in financial innovation. Among the current students preparing to follow that path is Khadeja Clarke, a student in Duke FinTech’s traditional program and a future blockchain innovator.
4/4
Pratt School of Engineering
Alumni Spotlight: Chen Feng, Duke FinTech ’23
Duke University’s Master in Financial Technology (FinTech) graduates are equipped with the technical, financial, and management expertise needed to lead financial innovation. One of those graduates is Chen Feng, Duke FinTech class of 2023 and Senior Associate/Lead Software Engineer at the DTCC.
Events
View all events
Apr
16
Graduate classes end
Graduate classes end
Apr
17
Graduate reading period
Graduate reading period
Apr
17
The Engineering Master’s Programs Student Advisory Board Hangout: Bubble Milk Tea & Table Games
Come hang out with the Student Advisory Board! Enjoy bubble milk tea and relax with fun table games. Teer Student Lounge Thursday, 2:30-4:30 PMand food every Thursday at the Teer […]
2:30 pm – 2:30 pm
Duke Pratt School of Engineering Logo
305 Teer Engineering Bldg
Box 90271
Durham, NC 27708
(919) 660-5386
Duke Engineering Now Newsletter
Email
Contact
Industry Relations
Visit
Give
Emergency Information
Accessibility
Report a Web Problem
© Copyright
— All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Duke University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the
Duke Privacy Statement
.
I Accept