School of Nursing | Duke University
Skip to main content
Main Top level only
Academics
Research
Global & Community
Centers & Offices
News
Search Terms
Top Quick Link Menu
About
Students
Faculty & Staff
Alumni & Friends
Give
Skip to Main Content
Your Journey to a Rewarding Nursing Career Starts Here
Nursing Reimagined:
Limitless Possibilities
Duke University School of Nursing is committed to advancing health equity and social justice by preparing nurse leaders and innovators through transformative excellence in education, clinical practice, and nursing science.
Apply Now
Request Info
Duke University School of Nursing
Find Your Nursing Program
Duke School of Nursing offers diverse nursing academic programs tailored to meet the evolving demands of today’s health care landscape. From undergraduate to doctoral levels, our nursing courses and programs emphasize rigorous training, evidence-based practice and interdisciplinary collaboration.
As a Duke nursing school student, you’ll engage in hands-on clinical experiences, cutting-edge research and outreach initiatives to prepare for a successful and rewarding career.
Explore Nursing Programs & Degrees
Information for Students
News & Events
Addressing Sexual Assault, Domestic Violence
April 14, 2025
DUSON Receives Top Graduate School Rankings
April 8, 2025
Disparities in Anesthesia Care
April 3, 2025
Apr
17
Global Health Challenges: Nursing Solutions
Apr
15
Mentorship and Research Integrity: Discussions for mentors and mentees
Apr
22
Science Communication: Useful Strategies for Communicating Your Work
Michael Relf Named Dean, Duke University School of Nursing
April 15, 2025
Michael Relf Named Dean, Duke University School of Nursing
Equipping Nurses to Support Survivors of Sexual Assault and Intimate Partner Violence
Duke’s MSN and DNP Programs Receive Top Rankings in 2025 U.S. News & World Report Graduate School Rankings
Student Stories
From overcoming challenges to achieving academic and professional success, these stories showcase the resilience, dedication, and passion of Duke University School of Nursing students.
Discover the real-life experiences of our students and be inspired by their commitment to shaping the future of healthcare.
Image
Attending an institution dedicated to addressing and bridging health disparities was at the forefront of my decision and aligned with my aspirations as a future healthcare leader.
Diana Zamora, Pre-Licensure Student
Image
This program prepared me well for my future. I truly believe my DNP will open doors to me that may not have been open.
Captain Julie Ann Darling, Former DPN Student
Image
I was excited to become a nurse because I knew that there were many options in the career and I could use it to help in a variety of settings, even overseas. Nursing allows one to enter the most intimate times of people’s lives and support them there.
Emily Laker, BSN-DNP Student
Student Stories
From overcoming challenges to achieving academic and professional success, these stories showcase the resilience, dedication, and passion of Duke University School of Nursing students.
Image
This program prepared me well for my future. I truly believe my DNP will open doors to me that may not have been open.
Captain Julie Ann Darling, Former DPN Student
Image
It has been an utter delight to have the insight of all of my instructors. Each and every one of them has always given me the extra time and attention I request.
Ashley Brand, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner Student
Research
Research is an essential component in many of our nursing programs. Our Center for Nursing Research provides resources that nursing school faculty, students and Duke University Health System practicing nurses and researchers need to advance nursing and interdisciplinary science, including:
Multilevel Nurse-Led Models of Care:
Empowering nurses to lead in comprehensive patient care.
Historically Marginalized and Underserved Populations:
Amplifying voices and improving care for the overlooked.
Data Science and Digital Health:
Harnessing data to revolutionize health care delivery.
Health Equity and Social Determinants of Health:
Leveling the playing field for health access and outcomes.
Biobehavioral and Omics:
Unlocking the intersection of genes, behavior and health.
Health Ecosystems: Urban, Rural, Global Health, Climate Change:
Adapting health care for diverse environments and a changing planet.
Global & Community Connections
Duke University School of Nursing prepares global citizens and empowers students, clinicians, scholars and partners to promote health equity in our local community and worldwide.
In addition to the work of nursing school alumni, faculty and students here at home, students have access to global clinical/cultural immersion experiences that expand their worldviews and deepen their knowledge of community health and wellness issues.
Impact Across the Globe
Student Experiences
Research and Partnerships
International Visiting Scholars
Consulting
Improving the Health of Communitiies
Student Experiences
Clinical Outreach
Research and Scholarship
Partnerships
Clinical Practice & Partnerships
Unparalleled clinical experiences complement our comprehensive nursing courses.
Through diverse partnerships, our students and faculty actively engage in clinical settings across the lifespan of care.
As part of the Duke University Health Care System , Duke School of Nursing gives students the opportunity to learn from providers at the #1 ranked hospital in North Carolina, according to U.S. News & World Report.
Learn More About Clinical Practice & Partnerships
Faculty Spotlight
Duke University School of Nursing is committed to ending health inequities through transformative excellence in education, clinical practice, and nursing science. Learn more about how we’re developing innovative models of care in which nurses are designing healthcare interventions to meet today’s greatest health challenges.
Health Equity Reimagined
Sophia Smith, PhD, MSW
It's all about providing care to those who can't afford it. That's what really drives my work.
Schenita Randolph, PhD, MPH, RN, FAAN
Health equity is important in all the work that we all do as nurse scientists.
Jacqui McMillian-Bohler, Assistant Professor and Associate Dean of Academic Innovation and Evaluation
O
ur students at the School of Nursing are amazing—they come to us amazing. So, we want to make sure that the experience they have is transformative and that we’re elevating them in terms of what they can achieve.
Faculty Spotlight
Duke University School of Nursing is committed to ending health inequities through transformative excellence in education, clinical practice, and nursing science.
Health Equity Reimagined
Sophia Smith, PhD, MSW
It's all about providing care to those who can't afford it. That's what really drives my work.
Stephanie Ibemere, Ph.D., RN
I have lost family members to chronic disease due to access and capacity gaps in Nigeria. Learning that sickle cell disease prevalence was the highest in Nigeria only fueled my passion to close these gaps.
Join our nursing community today
Experience the Duke difference. As a top nursing school in the nation, we empower students to become successful nurses who lead with purpose and passion.
Apply Now
Request Info
Invest In Our Future
At Duke University School of Nursing, we believe in the extraordinary impact of generosity. The support of our philanthropic partners enables us to shape the future of nursing by educating nurse leaders and innovators to become change agents and influencers to advance health equity.
Make a Gift
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Duke University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the
Duke Privacy Statement
.
I ACCEPT
Make A Gift
Academics
Students
Centers & Offices
Faculty & Staff
Employment
Tech Hub
News
Alumni & Friends
Admissions
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Facilities
Emergency Hub
307 Trent Drive
Durham, NC 27710
(919) 684-3786
Accessibility
Privacy Statement
Copyright © 2025 Duke University School of Nursing
Login
Scroll back to top automatically