Financial Support | Duke Pratt School of Engineering
Apply
Menu
Who We Are
Our Story
Our Story
Dean’s Welcome
Strategic Vision
Focus Themes
History
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Community
Character Forward
Our Team
Dean’s Office Staff
Board of Visitors
Full Directory
Careers
Visit Us
Awards & Recognition
External Faculty Awards
NAE Members
Pratt School of Engineering Awards
Admissions
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Design
Undergraduate Student Outcomes
Master's
Master’s Admissions
Master’s Student Outcomes
PhD
PhD Admissions
PhD Student Outcomes
Financial Support
Admitted Students
International Students
Campus Tours
Academics
Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Mechanical Engineering & Materials Science
Institute for Enterprise Engineering
Faculty
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Experience
General Degree Requirements
Majors & Minors
4+1: Bachelors & Master’s Program
Your First Year
Student Entrepreneurship
Undergraduate Research
Master's
Master’s Experience
Master’s Degrees
PhD
Certificates
Life at Pratt
Life at Pratt
Organizations & Clubs
Life in Durham
Student Resources
Undergraduate Student Resources
Graduate Student Resources
Advising
Internships & Career Services
PhD Plus Professional Development
Undergraduate Policies & Procedures
Research & Impact
Pre-Research Support
High-Impact Research
Signature Research Areas
Selected External Funding Awards
Centers & Institutes
Translation
Signature Discoveries
Entrepreneurship
Community-Based Innovation
2024 Impact Report
News & Events
News
Media Coverage
Media Hits
Media Relations
Publications
Magazines
Email Newsletters
Rate of Change Podcast
Events
All Events
Commencement
Engineers Week
Search
Submit
Alumni & Parents
Alumni
Parents
Giving
Industry
Industry Engagement
Student Engagement
Affiliates Program
Give
Directory
Apply
Financial Support
You Have Questions. Let’s Figure Them Out Together.
As with many big questions, it can help to break it down into manageable chunks. Let’s start with this one: How much will it cost?
Contacts
Tuition & Fees
Remember: Costs are just one factor in the equation. Keep going to learn about how we can help make Duke accessible and affordable for you.
Financial Aid
Undergraduate
Visit the Bursar’s Office
Master of Engineering
Visit our website for master’s applicants
Master of Engineering Management
Visit our website for master’s applicants
Master of Science
Visit the Graduate School at Duke
PhD
Learn more about guaranteed funding for five years
Financial Aid
Undergraduate Aid
Full Tuition Grants for Students from the Carolinas
Duke provides full tuition grants for undergraduate students admitted to Duke from North Carolina and South Carolina whose family incomes are $150,000 or less.
For Duke undergraduate students from North Carolina and South Carolina with total family incomes of $65,000 or less, Duke provides full tuition grants plus financial assistance for housing, meals and some course materials or other campus expenses, without the need for student loans.
Learn more
Need-Based and Merit Scholarships
Need-based and merit scholarships are awarded to incoming students as part of the undergraduate application process; there is no additional application to complete. Current undergrads renew their aid applications every year. We also encourage you to seek out scholarships from third-party organizations to help fund your education.
How to apply
Support for Master’s Students
Financial Support for Master’s Students
Because support for master’s students varies by program, prospective and current students are encouraged to speak to their department program director for details on available financial support, including these opportunities:
Civil & Environmental Engineering Scholarships
Competitive masters students in our
Department of Civil & Environmental Engineering
receive scholarships that typically range from $20,000 to $30,000.
Mission Scholarships
Selected students demonstrating a commitment to fostering a community of unique lived experiences and inclusive perspectives may receive up to 50 percent tuition scholarship annually through our Duke Mission Scholarships. Additional opportunities include up to $10,000 per year for students to engage in research under the guidance of a principal investigator.
Contact us
for more details.
Duke Graduate School Fellowships and Scholarships
The Duke Graduate School offers numerous fellowships and other types of funding to support Master of Science students. Find opportunities using the
filterable database here
.
Externally Funded Scholarships
For Master of Science and Master of Engineering students, we offer support to recipients of select competitive externally funded scholarships, such as National Science Foundation (NSF) Fellowships and Fulbright Scholarships.
Federal Direct Loan Program
Through the Ford Federal Direct Loan Program, eligible students borrow directly from the U.S. Department of Education to fund study at participating schools. For your FAFSA application, Duke’s school code is 002920. More details are at the
government’s student aid website
.
Outside Funding Opportunities
Master’s students are encouraged to seek out support from organizations whose mission is to help students pay for their educations. One place to start is this
list of selected external third-party funding opportunities
.
On-Campus Work
Many master’s students work on the Duke campus, including for libraries or departments. Teaching assistantships are available in various departments, and some departments have research assistantships as well. These positions are paid an hourly rate, and most students work between 10 to 20 hours per week. Generally, positions are posted and filled a week or two before classes begin each semester.
Guaranteed PhD Student Funding
Funding for Doctoral Students is Guaranteed
Duke provides a competitive, guaranteed support package:
Five years of stipend
Five years of paid tuition and fees
Six years of health and dental insurance coverage
Plus, academic departments may provide support beyond the guaranteed funding package.
Prospective and current students should talk to their program’s
director of graduate studies (DGS)
to learn about specific opportunities.
Stipend
All Duke PhD students in their five-year guaranteed funding period receive 12-month stipends.
In Year 6 and beyond, stipend support is at the discretion of each program.
Students with questions about funding resources should contact the engineering school’s
Associate Dean for Doctoral Education
.
Current stipends
Paid Tuition & Fees
Tuition and fees are covered for the first five years for all Duke PhD students by either Duke’s Graduate School or external fellowships.
In Year 6, as long as students make an effort to get tuition and fee support from their department or an external source, their tuition and mandatory fees are covered. Most sixth-year students receive external or departmental funding to cover tuition and fees, and those who apply for funding but don’t receive it are eligible for a
sixth-year tuition and fee scholarship
from Duke.
In Year 7 and beyond, tuition and fees are paid by external funding, departmental funding or the student. PhD programs differ in whether they provide support, so check with your DGS.
Tuition and Fees
Health and Dental Insurance Coverage
Duke’s Graduate School covers the full premiums for medical and dental insurance for all PhD students in their first six years of study, as long as they are on the Duke student medical insurance plan and student dental plan.
Learn more about the plans
. Students are responsible for any dependent coverage premiums.
In Year 7 and beyond, students are responsible for paying premiums. The premiums could also be covered by external fellowships or departmental funding, if available. Alternately, premiums of PhD students serving as research assistants are covered no matter what year they are in.
Additional Opportunities
Sloan Scholarships
Duke awards Sloan Scholarships each year in nine academic departments, including the four departments of the Pratt School of Duke Engineering:
Biomedical Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Mechanical Engineering & Materials Science
In addition to Duke’s guaranteed funding package, Sloan Scholars receive $40,000 over five years and benefit from the guidance of designated faculty champions.
Learn more
External Research Fellowships
During your first year at Duke, we’ll help you develop a strong proposal for a major external fellowship.
Opportunities include:
National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship
(NSF GRFP)
National Defense Science & Engineering Graduate Fellowship
(NDSEG)
Department of Defense Science, Mathematics & Research for Transformation Scholarship
(DoD SMART)
Find funding
Have Questions?
We’re here with answers. Get in touch.
By telephone:
Undergraduate Financial Support:
+1 919-684-6225
Graduate School Office of Financial Aid:
+1 919-681-3247
Email Undergraduate Financial Aid
Email Graduate Financial Aid
Duke Pratt School of Engineering Logo
305 Teer Engineering Bldg
Box 90271
Durham, NC 27708
(919) 660-5386
Duke Engineering Now Newsletter
Email
Visit
Contact Us
Emergency Information
Pratt Intranet
Engineering Faculty Council
Faculty Governance
Accessibility
Report a Web Problem
© Copyright
— All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Duke University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the
Duke Privacy Statement
.
I Accept