Rate of Change Podcast | Duke Pratt School of Engineering
Apply
Menu
Who We Are
Our Story
Our Story
Dean’s Welcome
Strategic Vision
Focus Themes
History
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Community
Character Forward
Our Team
Dean’s Office Staff
Board of Visitors
Full Directory
Careers
Visit Us
Awards & Recognition
External Faculty Awards
NAE Members
Pratt School of Engineering Awards
Admissions
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Design
Undergraduate Student Outcomes
Master's
Master’s Admissions
Master’s Student Outcomes
PhD
PhD Admissions
PhD Student Outcomes
Financial Support
Admitted Students
International Students
Campus Tours
Academics
Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Mechanical Engineering & Materials Science
Institute for Enterprise Engineering
Faculty
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Experience
General Degree Requirements
Majors & Minors
4+1: Bachelors & Master’s Program
Your First Year
Student Entrepreneurship
Undergraduate Research
Master's
Master’s Experience
Master’s Degrees
PhD
Certificates
Life at Pratt
Life at Pratt
Organizations & Clubs
Life in Durham
Student Resources
Undergraduate Student Resources
Graduate Student Resources
Advising
Internships & Career Services
PhD Plus Professional Development
Undergraduate Policies & Procedures
Research & Impact
Pre-Research Support
High-Impact Research
Signature Research Areas
Selected External Funding Awards
Centers & Institutes
Translation
Signature Discoveries
Entrepreneurship
Community-Based Innovation
2024 Impact Report
News & Events
News
Media Coverage
Media Hits
Media Relations
Publications
Magazines
Email Newsletters
Rate of Change Podcast
Events
All Events
Commencement
Engineers Week
Search
Submit
Alumni & Parents
Alumni
Parents
Giving
Industry
Industry Engagement
Student Engagement
Affiliates Program
Give
Directory
Apply
Rate of Change Podcast
Dedicated to the ingenious ways engineers are solving society’s toughest problems
Scroll to listen to episodes and read transcripts. Subscribe through Apple Podcasts or Spotify.
Listen on Apple Podcasts
Listen on Spotify
Season 5
3/19/24
Podcast
Pop Quantum
The word “quantum” is quickly creeping into the lexicon of American culture. But what does it actually mean? And what does Chris Nolan get right that Marvel gets wrong? Members of the Duke Quantum Center have answers.
4/16/24
Podcast
A Blue Devil Family
When Becky Simmons first got to Duke in the 1990s, she wouldn’t have guessed it then, but a future awaited her that included graduate school, a husband, two daughters, professorship and ties that would bind them all to Duke for decades.
6/21/24
Podcast
Game Changer
Jamal chats with Ernesto Escobar, Executive Director of the Game Design, Development and Innovation Master’s Program, and founder of Fanaticus XR. They explore the positive impact of video games, debunk misconceptions, and discuss the importance of diversity and inclusivity in gaming.
7/17/24
Podcast
Lightning Talks
Take a deep dive into the flashiest secrets of this common but little understood natural phenomenon with leading researcher Steve Cummer.
Season 4
2/17/23
Podcast
The Inescapable Need for Freedom
MEMS professor Adrian Bejan escaped through the Iron Curtain to pursue his dreams. Listen to discover how his freedom led him to formulate constructal theory, which connects physics to evolution through the freedom of change.
3/14/23
Podcast
Resonance
She’s an analyst. He’s an algebrist. She loves displays of unbridled creativity; he has journaled every day for thirty years. Between the two of them, Duke power couple Ingrid Daubechies and Robert Calderbank have changed the way society shares and processes information.
3/30/23
Podcast
Multiplying Microscopes
Today, researchers use a variety of imaging techniques to visualize and analyze biological systems, but there are limits to how much—and how well—these tools can see. But Duke BME’s Roarke Horstmeyer and his team are creating new microscopes and imaging algorithms to capture biomedical images at never-before-seen scales.
4/12/23
Podcast
What Makes a Happy Community?
Duke CEE faculty member Andrew Jones investigates how and where bacterial communities thrive in the built environment—and imagines a future water smart grid that’s accessible to everyone.
Season 3
10/5/21
Podcast
Turning Photons into Soundwaves
Duke Biomedical Engineering professor Junjie Yao has helped pioneer the field of photoacoustic imaging, which uses light and sound to create detailed and informative biological images of everything from a single cell to an entire body.
10/20/21
Podcast
How Re-engineered Ketchup Packets Are Saving Babies Worldwide
Duke Biomedical Engineering Professor Emeritus Bob Malkin and a string of undergraduates have built a program to deliver anti-HIV medication to birthing mothers in rural settings around the world
11/17/21
Podcast
Reversing Bone Loss Due to Osteoporosis
Current drugs for osteoporosis can only slow or stop progression of bone loss. What’s gone is gone. Duke University Professor Shyni Varghese has built a new molecule that rebuilds bone—and may transform osteoporosis treatment.
11/30/21
Podcast
The Chemical Detective
What’s in our drinking water? Duke professor of civil and environmental engineering Lee Ferguson uses non-targeted analysis to gather clues about chemical contaminants, making it possible to identify them and trace them back to their points of origin.
Season 2
9/9/20
Podcast
Of Potholes and Budget Holes
A conversation with Henry Petroski on the current state of disrepair of America’s roads and bridges, why fixing them may require unpopular politics, and what the future might hold for their improvement
9/17/20
Podcast
Reclaiming Water from Waste
Washing our hands with soap and running water for at least twenty seconds helps prevent the spread of pathogens. For areas of the world where water is scarce, ECE faculty member Brian Stoner and his colleagues at WaSH-AID are reclaiming usable water from an unlikely source.
10/1/20
Podcast
Safe Hygiene for Everyone, Period
Women and girls* are disproportionately affected when access to safely managed sanitation is lacking. Duke ECE engineer Sonia Grego wants to change that.
10/13/20
Podcast
The Blind Spots in Our Biomedical Data
Between measuring our activity levels, heart rate and sleeping schedules, today’s smart watches seem to give us a better picture of our overall health. Duke BME’s Jessilyn Dunn explores the endless potential—and hidden limitations—of this data.
10/19/20
Podcast
How to Catch COVID-19
If the last year has shown us anything, it’s that fast and accurate diagnostic tests are key for helping to control the spread of a dangerous disease. In this episode, BME’s Ashutosh Chilkoti and his PhD students explain how the lab’s signature diagnostic platform is being modified to quickly and accurately detect COVID-19.
11/19/20
Podcast
In the Kitchen with NanoMine
If discovering and designing next-gen materials is like cooking, Duke engineer Cate Brinson is writing the materials cookbook.
Season 1
8/28/19
Podcast
Rate of Change Podcast Introduction
Rate of Change is a new podcast from Duke Engineering, dedicated to the ingenious ways that engineers are solving society’s toughest problems.
8/30/19
Podcast
Air Quality, Quick and Dirty
Air pollution degrades everything from cultural heritage sites like the Taj Mahal, to solar energy production. Duke civil and environmental engineering professor Mike Bergin is trying to fill in some of the knowledge gaps about what the pollution is and where it comes from, to better manage its effects.
8/30/19
Podcast
End Transmission
Duke professor David Katz works at the intersection of biomedical engineering and reproductive health. His research informs efforts to prevent the transmission of sexually transmitted diseases—most notably human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV.
8/30/19
Podcast
Opening the Black Box
Cynthia Rudin is a professor of computer science and electrical and computer engineering at Duke University, and an outspoken critic of using black box algorithms for high-stakes decisions.
8/30/19
Podcast
Scratch-Made Muscle
Duke professor of biomedical engineering Nenad Bursac is learning how muscles can recover from injury, by using stem cells to create new muscles from scratch.
8/30/19
Podcast
The World’s Coolest T-Shirt
Materials engineer Po-Chun Hsu is developing textiles that heat and cool at the personal level—a scaled-back approach to climate control that could help curb emissions in the U.S.
Duke Pratt School of Engineering Logo
305 Teer Engineering Bldg
Box 90271
Durham, NC 27708
(919) 660-5386
Duke Engineering Now Newsletter
Email
Visit
Contact Us
Emergency Information
Pratt Intranet
Engineering Faculty Council
Faculty Governance
Accessibility
Report a Web Problem
© Copyright
— All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Duke University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the
Duke Privacy Statement
.
I Accept