Undergraduate Admissions | Duke Pratt School of Engineering
Apply
Menu
Who We Are
Our Story
Our Story
Dean’s Welcome
Strategic Vision
Focus Themes
History
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Community
Character Forward
Our Team
Dean’s Office Staff
Board of Visitors
Full Directory
Careers
Visit Us
Awards & Recognition
External Faculty Awards
NAE Members
Pratt School of Engineering Awards
Admissions
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Design
Undergraduate Student Outcomes
Master's
Master’s Admissions
Master’s Student Outcomes
PhD
PhD Admissions
PhD Student Outcomes
Financial Support
Admitted Students
International Students
Campus Tours
Academics
Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Mechanical Engineering & Materials Science
Institute for Enterprise Engineering
Faculty
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Experience
General Degree Requirements
Majors & Minors
4+1: Bachelors & Master’s Program
Your First Year
Student Entrepreneurship
Undergraduate Research
Master's
Master’s Experience
Master’s Degrees
PhD
Certificates
Life at Pratt
Life at Pratt
Organizations & Clubs
Life in Durham
Student Resources
Undergraduate Student Resources
Graduate Student Resources
Advising
Internships & Career Services
PhD Plus Professional Development
Undergraduate Policies & Procedures
Research & Impact
Pre-Research Support
High-Impact Research
Signature Research Areas
Selected External Funding Awards
Centers & Institutes
Translation
Signature Discoveries
Entrepreneurship
Community-Based Innovation
2024 Impact Report
News & Events
News
Media Coverage
Media Hits
Media Relations
Publications
Magazines
Email Newsletters
Rate of Change Podcast
Events
All Events
Commencement
Engineers Week
Search
Submit
Alumni & Parents
Alumni
Parents
Giving
Industry
Industry Engagement
Student Engagement
Affiliates Program
Give
Directory
Apply
Undergraduate Admissions
Solve Hard Problems. Have Fun Doing It
You’re having so much fun you don’t realize how hard you’re working. Or, maybe, it’s the other way around: You’re so in-the-zone, lose-track-of-time immersed in the problem you’re trying to solve (and failing to solve, and finally solving) that you don’t even notice how much fun you’re having doing it.
Either way, that’s life at Duke Engineering. It’s hard. It’s fun. Often at the same exact moment.
Join Our Mailing List
Contact Admissions
The Real World Can’t Wait
At Duke Engineering, we expect you to impact the world from the time you arrive on campus. You will work on real problems—fixing the climate, harnessing AI, the ethics of gene editing. What stokes your passion? You will work for actual clients with very real expectations. You will go beyond hypotheticals to consider environmental, social, ethical, cultural and economic contexts.
Come ready.
Your First Year: Design and Code from the Drop
A lot of engineering programs start with semesters or even years of fundamental coursework. Not here.
In our First-Year Design program, you dive straight into solving real-life problems with a team of fellow engineers. In
First-Year Computing
you’ll devise an algorithm and learn to code—no prior programming knowledge required.
You might struggle. Your design or program might even fail. But learning while doing will hone the essential technical and communications skills you need to succeed long term.
You want to know the best part? Experiencing the meaningful impact your work as an engineer can have on real people.
Explore First-Year Design
First-years and transfer students sing the Alma Mater during the Convocation for New Undergraduate Students at Duke Chapel.
Diversity Makes Better Engineers
An optimist sees the glass as half full. A pessimist? Half empty. An engineer sees a glass that’s twice as big as it needs to be. Point is, engineers see things differently. Duke engineers see things very differently. Why use glass at all? Can we create a more efficient material? Ooh, should we include a water quality sensor? Here, we value different backgrounds and ways of thinking—because new approaches generate new solutions.
Our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion
First-year students participating in Project Seed, an Experiential Orientation program for incoming students, use a laser cutter at the Co-Lab to create designs.
Student Entrepreneurship: Engineering Confidence
In classrooms and design labs, in the coffee bar and under the red maple in the quad, Duke engineers are always solving problems. Born on campus, those solutions must find their way into the world. That’s why we believe it’s vital to teach our undergraduate students the entrepreneurial skills, and infuse them with the confidence, to transform problem-solving ideas into high-impact ventures.
Explore entrepreneurship
Madison Danoff, a Duke senior, works with her mentor, Professor Lisa Satterwhite in Satterwhite’s lab.
Mentorship: (More than) a Bit of Advice
What’s the best bit of advice you ever received? Throughout your time at Duke Engineering, it will gain some company. Your advising team includes your academic dean, a dedicated faculty advisor, volunteer upper-class students and directors of academic engagement specializing in areas such as global and civic engagement. And that’s just for starters—as your interests crystallize, your mentorship network will only grow.
Learn more about advising resources
Campus Life: The Duke Community
There’s an energy on Duke’s campus that you can feel. It radiates from connections being forged, creativity being sparked, and ideas being born. Tap into that energy—you’re going to need it. You’ve got 8,600+ acres to roam and the city of Durham to discover; 1,700 classmates to meet; 27 varsity, Division I teams to cheer on; and Midnight Breakfast to nosh. More pancakes?
Get a feel for campus life
Explore Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Take a Tour
To truly capture Duke’s essence, connect with our students, faculty, staff and alumni. Their collaborative spirit embodies what Duke is all about. Whether you join us virtually, in person, or both, know that visiting isn’t a factor in the admissions decision. We look forward to welcoming you!
Register for a Tour
Explore Student Life
Virtual Open House
Applying to Duke
Visit the Duke Undergraduate Admissions site to learn how to apply.
How to Apply
Review Our Handy Tips
How to prep for college
Make
Choices
First-Year or Transfer? Early or Regular Decision?
Check Dates & Deadlines
Early Decision applications are due Nov. 1.
Regular Decision applications due Jan. 2
Start Your Application
Choose the Common Application, Coalition Application or QuestBridge Application
Interested in joining our community?
Join our mailing list to receive information and invites.
Register Today!
Duke Pratt School of Engineering Logo
305 Teer Engineering Bldg
Box 90271
Durham, NC 27708
(919) 660-5386
Duke Engineering Now Newsletter
Email
Visit
Contact Us
Emergency Information
Pratt Intranet
Engineering Faculty Council
Faculty Governance
Accessibility
Report a Web Problem
© Copyright
— All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Duke University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the
Duke Privacy Statement
.
I Accept