Admitted Students | Duke Pratt School of Engineering
Apply
Menu
Who We Are
Our Story
Our Story
Dean’s Welcome
Strategic Vision
Focus Themes
History
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Community
Character Forward
Our Team
Dean’s Office Staff
Board of Visitors
Full Directory
Careers
Visit Us
Awards & Recognition
External Faculty Awards
NAE Members
Pratt School of Engineering Awards
Admissions
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Design
Undergraduate Student Outcomes
Master's
Master’s Admissions
Master’s Student Outcomes
PhD
PhD Admissions
PhD Student Outcomes
Financial Support
Admitted Students
International Students
Campus Tours
Academics
Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Mechanical Engineering & Materials Science
Institute for Enterprise Engineering
Faculty
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Experience
General Degree Requirements
Majors & Minors
4+1: Bachelors & Master’s Program
Your First Year
Student Entrepreneurship
Undergraduate Research
Master's
Master’s Experience
Master’s Degrees
PhD
Certificates
Life at Pratt
Life at Pratt
Organizations & Clubs
Life in Durham
Student Resources
Undergraduate Student Resources
Graduate Student Resources
Advising
Internships & Career Services
PhD Plus Professional Development
Undergraduate Policies & Procedures
Research & Impact
Pre-Research Support
High-Impact Research
Signature Research Areas
Selected External Funding Awards
Centers & Institutes
Translation
Signature Discoveries
Entrepreneurship
Community-Based Innovation
2024 Impact Report
News & Events
News
Media Coverage
Media Hits
Media Relations
Publications
Magazines
Email Newsletters
Rate of Change Podcast
Events
All Events
Commencement
Engineers Week
Search
Submit
Alumni & Parents
Alumni
Parents
Giving
Industry
Industry Engagement
Student Engagement
Affiliates Program
Give
Directory
Apply
Congratulations!
Admitted Students: We can’t wait for you to join us in Durham.
First Things First
True Blue
The resources below will help you gain access to all the amazing things that make the Duke experience so exceptional.
But first things first: before ordering celebratory face paint, make sure you’ve got the right shade of blue (Psst: It’s Pantone® color 280-C).
2 Duke Blues?
Get Ready for Duke
First-year students who will enter Few Quad during their sophomore year walk up Chapel Drive during the Bricks to Stone parade on Friday afternoon. The East Campus houses of Gilbert-Addoms and Southgate are linked to Few Quad. Bricks to Stone, a campus-wide celebration, marks the transition of the first-year class moving from the bricks of East Campus to the stones of West Campus. The event featured a block party at Karsh Alumni Center, a parade up Chapel Drive, a class pinning ceremony, and quad after-parties with plenty of food, games, and free t-shirts with the new Quad Arches designs. As Duke’s new QuadEx living-learning model continues to take root, teams of students, supported by staff, have been working to distinguish the seven quad communities aimed at better integrating the academic and social lives of Duke students. The result is the Quad Arches, a series of visual icons designed to incorporate very particular characteristics of each West Campus quad.
Undergraduate Students
Look out for messages from the Office of Undergraduate Admissions. You’ll want to check out their
admitted-students resource
, which includes all you need to know about Blue Devil Days, virtual events and more.
Email Undergrad Admissions
The Duke Chronicle sports department meets near their office on the Abele Quad on Duke’s West Campus during a beautiful Fall afternoon. The Brodhead Center is in the background.
Master’s Students
To help you move into Duke life, Master’s Programs & Services has prepared the
ultimate checklist for admitted students
— including details on housing, visas and more.
Email Master’s Admissions
Juniors, from left, Jacob Hervey, Heera Rajavel, Dharshan Varia and Krishna Patel share breakfast and a laugh together after their ECON 210 class at Panera Bread in the Brodhead Center on the first day of spring classes.
PhD Students
Your home academic department will be in touch, and you will receive assistance from Duke’s Graduate School. The school’s guide for
admitted students
helpfully groups to-dos by month, from admission offer to the start of classes.
Email PhD Admissions
Welcome to Durham & the NC Triangle
You’re gonna love it here.
Duke’s hometown is the serious, funky, laid-back, hardworking, traditional, throw-the-rules-out, mid-sized (but like the TARDIS, bigger on the inside) community of your dreams.
Explore The Bull City
Joining the Duke Family
Your family is part of our family, too.
Visit Student Affairs
Resources for Parents & Families
We’re here for you, as you send your loved one to join us in Durham.
Making Duke Affordable
Learn more how to make the Duke Experience accessible and affordable. Just one example: Duke provides full tuition grants for undergrads from North Carolina and South Carolina with with family incomes of $150K or less.
Duke Pratt School of Engineering Logo
305 Teer Engineering Bldg
Box 90271
Durham, NC 27708
(919) 660-5386
Duke Engineering Now Newsletter
Email
Visit
Contact Us
Emergency Information
Pratt Intranet
Engineering Faculty Council
Faculty Governance
Accessibility
Report a Web Problem
© Copyright
— All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Duke University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the
Duke Privacy Statement
.
I Accept