Undergraduate Research | Duke Pratt School of Engineering
Apply
Menu
Who We Are
Our Story
Our Story
Dean’s Welcome
Strategic Vision
Focus Themes
History
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Community
Character Forward
Our Team
Dean’s Office Staff
Board of Visitors
Full Directory
Careers
Visit Us
Awards & Recognition
External Faculty Awards
NAE Members
Pratt School of Engineering Awards
Admissions
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Design
Undergraduate Student Outcomes
Master's
Master’s Admissions
Master’s Student Outcomes
PhD
PhD Admissions
PhD Student Outcomes
Financial Support
Admitted Students
International Students
Campus Tours
Academics
Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Mechanical Engineering & Materials Science
Institute for Enterprise Engineering
Faculty
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Experience
General Degree Requirements
Majors & Minors
4+1: Bachelors & Master’s Program
Your First Year
Student Entrepreneurship
Undergraduate Research
Master's
Master’s Experience
Master’s Degrees
PhD
Certificates
Life at Pratt
Life at Pratt
Organizations & Clubs
Life in Durham
Student Resources
Undergraduate Student Resources
Graduate Student Resources
Advising
Internships & Career Services
PhD Plus Professional Development
Undergraduate Policies & Procedures
Research & Impact
Pre-Research Support
High-Impact Research
Signature Research Areas
Selected External Funding Awards
Centers & Institutes
Translation
Signature Discoveries
Entrepreneurship
Community-Based Innovation
2024 Impact Report
News & Events
News
Media Coverage
Media Hits
Media Relations
Publications
Magazines
Email Newsletters
Rate of Change Podcast
Events
All Events
Commencement
Engineers Week
Search
Submit
Alumni & Parents
Alumni
Parents
Giving
Industry
Industry Engagement
Student Engagement
Affiliates Program
Give
Directory
Apply
Undergraduate Research
Conduct meaningful research with faculty
The experiential learning that begins in your first semester and continues through hands-on design challenges culminates in authentic research experiences with faculty in their laboratories. You’ll learn more about science and design than you ever thought possible—even if what you learn is that laboratory life isn’t for you.
Grand Challenges Scholars
Pratt Research Fellows
By the Numbers
1,314
undergraduate students
58%
have intensive research experiences with faculty
21%
publish or present a research paper off-campus
50%
work on independent study projects
Being a Grand Challenges Scholar opened my eyes to systemic injustices—not just in the United States but worldwide. I want to work to address those inequities.
Elizabeth Griffin
Class of 2019 Katsouleas Grand Challenges Scholar
LinkedIn Logo
Leonard White, associate professor in neurology, teaches Functional Anatomy of the Human Brain course for undergraduates in the Duke Institute for Brain Sciences cube inside the Levine Science Research Center.
Find a Research Experience with Muser
Duke’s online student research network is the place to start. Our faculty research labs list opportunities for undergraduates within the Muser system. Typically, there are three rounds of recruiting every calendar year. Research experiences usually last one semester.
Search Muser
Independent Study for Credit
This is your opportunity to work under faculty supervision on a research topic that you choose while earning course credit.
First- and second-year students can enroll in an EGR independent study course as a free elective. Third- and fourth-year students can enroll in an independent study course that counts as an advanced elective in their major (without an area of focus).
The first step is to request an independent study. The deadline is two days before Drop/Add ends. Click below to learn how to apply, based on your class standing and major.
Special note to our Trinity College peers: you can participate in these experiences, too, through an EGR independent study!
Request Independent Study
EGR (First or Second Year)
Biomedical Engineering (BME) (first/second year)
Civil Engineering (CE)
Environmental Engineering (EnvE)
Electrical & Computer Engineering (ECE)
Mechanical Engineering (ME)
Pratt Research Fellowships
The Pratt Research Fellows Program provides opportunities for immersive research over three semesters. Third-year and advanced second-year students are encouraged to apply. Typically, Pratt Fellows graduate with distinction and with many other honors.
Learn more
Katsouleas NAE Grand Challenges Scholars
The Thomas C. Katsouleas National Academy of Engineering (NAE) Grand Challenges Scholars Program seeks leaders with the drive to take on some of the biggest challenges facing humanity—and want to start while they are still undergraduates.
Learn more
Conference Grants
Experiential learning doesn’t end in the lab. It continues with authentic professional activity, including presenting your discoveries at academic and scientific conferences. The Pratt School of Engineering provides students with grants of up to $500 to attend national or regional research conferences.
Apply for a grant
Undergraduate Research Contacts
Carmen Rawls, Ph.D. Profile Photo
Carmen Rawls, Ph.D.
Assistant Dean for Advising & Outreach
David E. Schaad Profile Photo
David E. Schaad
Professor of the Practice of Civil and Environmental Engineering
Related Stories
5/5/22
Pratt School of Engineering
The Student Experience: Research Intensives
Gifted with curiosity and an independent nature? The Pratt Research Fellows program might be right up your alley
Duke Pratt School of Engineering Logo
305 Teer Engineering Bldg
Box 90271
Durham, NC 27708
(919) 660-5386
Duke Engineering Now Newsletter
Email
Visit
Contact Us
Emergency Information
Pratt Intranet
Engineering Faculty Council
Faculty Governance
Accessibility
Report a Web Problem
© Copyright
— All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Duke University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the
Duke Privacy Statement
.
I Accept