The Character Forward Initiative | Duke Pratt School of Engineering
Apply
Menu
Who We Are
Our Story
Our Story
Dean’s Welcome
Strategic Vision
Focus Themes
History
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Community
Character Forward
Our Team
Dean’s Office Staff
Board of Visitors
Full Directory
Careers
Visit Us
Awards & Recognition
External Faculty Awards
NAE Members
Pratt School of Engineering Awards
Admissions
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Design
Undergraduate Student Outcomes
Master's
Master’s Admissions
Master’s Student Outcomes
PhD
PhD Admissions
PhD Student Outcomes
Financial Support
Admitted Students
International Students
Campus Tours
Academics
Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Mechanical Engineering & Materials Science
Institute for Enterprise Engineering
Faculty
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Experience
General Degree Requirements
Majors & Minors
4+1: Bachelors & Master’s Program
Your First Year
Student Entrepreneurship
Undergraduate Research
Master's
Master’s Experience
Master’s Degrees
PhD
Certificates
Life at Pratt
Life at Pratt
Organizations & Clubs
Life in Durham
Student Resources
Undergraduate Student Resources
Graduate Student Resources
Advising
Internships & Career Services
PhD Plus Professional Development
Undergraduate Policies & Procedures
Research & Impact
Pre-Research Support
High-Impact Research
Signature Research Areas
Selected External Funding Awards
Centers & Institutes
Translation
Signature Discoveries
Entrepreneurship
Community-Based Innovation
2024 Impact Report
News & Events
News
Media Coverage
Media Hits
Media Relations
Publications
Magazines
Email Newsletters
Rate of Change Podcast
Events
All Events
Commencement
Engineers Week
Search
Submit
Alumni & Parents
Alumni
Parents
Giving
Industry
Industry Engagement
Student Engagement
Affiliates Program
Give
Directory
Apply
The Character Forward Initiative
Great Engineers,
Good
People
Every university shapes the character of its students. Often, this happens implicitly and unintentionally. At Duke, we want to make this explicit. We want to bring
Character Forward
.
We aim to intentionally cultivate positive character traits through our curricular and co-curricular activities. The goal is that our graduates receive a rigorous engineering education while also becoming better people.​
Contact Us
Spring Character Forward Workshop
9:00 am – 1:00 pm | Tuesday, May 6, 2025 | Wilkinson
Pratt faculty and staff are invited to this interactive workshop to explore a character-based approach to professional ethics and develop strategies to cultivate positive character traits in ourselves and others.
RSVP
What we do
Educate Others
We educate people on the concepts and strategies at work in engineering ethics and character education
Cultivate Character
We cultivate positive character traits in individuals and teams for the sake of societal flourishing
Foster Community
We foster moral and intellectual community around issues fundamental to living well in a pluralistic and technological age
Tingjun Chen in ECE works with OIT to test out telecommunications and fiber optics ideas around campus. These images of his lab were taken on February 6, 2025.
Serving with Integrity
We believe in delivering our best to the clients and communities we serve. When student projects are left unfinished, we don’t let that potential go to waste. Steve McClelland, Executive Director of the
Christensen Family Center for Innovation
, is working on Project Posterity, a system that will allow unfinished projects to be “recycled,” passed along to other Duke colleagues.  Reach out to
Steve McClelland
for more information.
Upload a Project Here
News & Highlights
Ethics & Facilities
Duke Facilities Management hosted a lunch & learn with Rich Eva to explore ethics as a discipline and how it intersects with their work
AI & Research Ethics
Eva and colleagues publish
“Publishing Robots”
on the ethics of AI-generated publications
How to Moralize
Eva publishes
“How to Moralize”
to clarify the concept of moralizing and evaluate its merits
Pluralism As a Critical Engineering Tool
Rich Eva recently joined a panel for Duke’s Initiative on Pluralism, Free Inquiry, and Belonging to show how engineering lessons in pluralism can help anybody have constructive dialogue.
Find out more
11/22/24
Duke Chronicle
‘Being Good People’: Pratt Initiative Looks to Center Character, Ethics in Engineering Curriculum
New initiative aims to integrate ethics into engineering curriculums, with the goal of creating better engineers and people.
10/15/24
Pratt School of Engineering
The Increasingly Inescapable Need to Integrate Ethics
Engineers are facing more ethical dilemmas in their professional lives than ever before. Students need to be taught how to handle them
9/19/24
Pratt School of Engineering
Rich Eva: Bringing Character and Ethics into the Engineering Curriculum
As director of the new Character Forward Initiative, he’s working with faculty to help students become great engineers—and good people
Recap: Character Forward Kick-Off Workshop
Genevieve Lipp discussed the First-Year Computing Experience, in which she’s created structures that teach resilience. Feedback loops, for example, help students to “engage in the learning cycle even when there are setbacks.”
Find Out More
Ongoing Opportunities
Reading Groups
Our
Faculty & Staff
group is reading
The Excellent Mind: Intellectual Virtues for Everyday Life
by Nathan L. King.
Our
Undergraduate
group is reading
The Coming Wave: Technology, Power, and the 21st Century’s Greatest Dilemma
by Mustafa Suleyman & Michael Bhaskar
Consultation
Want to better address ethics or character in your classroom?
Wondering where to start?
Need an ethicist on your project or proposal?
Want to discuss an ethics issue that’s been vexing you?
Request a consultation with Rich Eva
Building Ethics into Engineering
We must remember that intelligence is not enough. Intelligence plus character—that is the goal of true education.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
from
The Purpose of Education
Character Forward Team
Rich Eva, Director
richard.eva@duke.edu
Rich earned a PhD in philosophy from Baylor University and a BA from Princeton. He specializes in ethics, pedagogy and political philosophy. His experience as a D1 athlete at Princeton sparked his interest in leadership and character development. After Princeton, he worked in New York City as an assistant vice president at Barclays Bank helping organize pro bono service initiatives. Rich returned to academia to investigate questions in applied ethics.
Christian Ferney Profile Photo
Christian Ferney
Associate Director for Education, Kenan Institute for Ethics
Lisa Gresham Huettel Profile Photo
Lisa Gresham Huettel
Associate Dean of Undergraduate Education, Edmund T. Pratt, Jr. School Professor of the Practice of ECE
Cameron M Kim Profile Photo
Cameron M Kim
Associate Director of Undergraduate Studies, Assistant Professor of the Practice in the Department of BME
Ann
Saterbak Profile Photo
Ann
Saterbak
Director, First-Year Design Program, Professor of the Practice in the Department of BME
Stacy L. Tantum Profile Photo
Stacy L. Tantum
Bell-Rhodes Associate Professor of the Practice of Electrical and Computer Engineering
George Truskey, Ph.D. Profile Photo
George Truskey, Ph.D.
R. Eugene and Susie E. Goodson Distinguished Professor of Biomedical Engineering
Our Partners
The Character Forward Initiative is a partnership of the Pratt School of Engineering and The Purpose Project at Duke.
The Purpose Project, generously funded by the Duke Endowment, is a collaboration of the Kenan Institute for Ethics, Duke Divinity School and the Office of the Provost.
Duke Pratt School of Engineering Logo
305 Teer Engineering Bldg
Box 90271
Durham, NC 27708
(919) 660-5386
Duke Engineering Now Newsletter
Email
Visit
Contact Us
Emergency Information
Pratt Intranet
Engineering Faculty Council
Faculty Governance
Accessibility
Report a Web Problem
© Copyright
— All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Duke University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the
Duke Privacy Statement
.
I Accept