Awards & Recognition | Duke Pratt School of Engineering
Apply
Menu
Who We Are
Our Story
Our Story
Dean’s Welcome
Strategic Vision
Focus Themes
History
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Community
Character Forward
Our Team
Dean’s Office Staff
Board of Visitors
Full Directory
Careers
Visit Us
Awards & Recognition
External Faculty Awards
NAE Members
Pratt School of Engineering Awards
Admissions
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Design
Undergraduate Student Outcomes
Master's
Master’s Admissions
Master’s Student Outcomes
PhD
PhD Admissions
PhD Student Outcomes
Financial Support
Admitted Students
International Students
Campus Tours
Academics
Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Mechanical Engineering & Materials Science
Institute for Enterprise Engineering
Faculty
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Experience
General Degree Requirements
Majors & Minors
4+1: Bachelors & Master’s Program
Your First Year
Student Entrepreneurship
Undergraduate Research
Master's
Master’s Experience
Master’s Degrees
PhD
Certificates
Life at Pratt
Life at Pratt
Organizations & Clubs
Life in Durham
Student Resources
Undergraduate Student Resources
Graduate Student Resources
Advising
Internships & Career Services
PhD Plus Professional Development
Undergraduate Policies & Procedures
Research & Impact
Pre-Research Support
High-Impact Research
Signature Research Areas
Selected External Funding Awards
Centers & Institutes
Translation
Signature Discoveries
Entrepreneurship
Community-Based Innovation
2024 Impact Report
News & Events
News
Media Coverage
Media Hits
Media Relations
Publications
Magazines
Email Newsletters
Rate of Change Podcast
Events
All Events
Commencement
Engineers Week
Search
Submit
Alumni & Parents
Alumni
Parents
Giving
Industry
Industry Engagement
Student Engagement
Affiliates Program
Give
Directory
Apply
Faculty Awards & Recognition
Explore the honors and awards won by our faculty, a scholarly community that defines excellence in engineering education, research and societal impact.
Latest Awards
More recognition
12/16/24
Pratt School of Engineering
Cameron Kim Receives Competitive Research Education Program Grant
Kim will use the R25 grant to develop programs that help students learn how to integrate biotechnology tools into clinical environments
12/12/24
Pratt School of Engineering
Willie Padilla Named a Fellow of IEEE
Padilla was honored for his contributions to the field of metamaterials, including perfect absorbers and active devices.
12/10/24
Pratt School of Engineering
Li and Franklin Named Fellows of the National Academy of Inventors
Hai “Helen” Li and Aaron Franklin, two innovative and pioneering electrical and computer engineers, receive one of the top honors for academic inventors.
Awards by Academic Year
2024-2025
Fall
Adrian Bejan
won the
American Society of Mechanical Engineers Medal
Pranam Chatterjee
received a
Maximizing Investigators’ Research Award (MIRA)
from the National Institutes of Health
Stefano Curtarolo
was elected to the
European Academy of Sciences
Shaundra Daily
won the
Karl V. Karlstrom Outstanding Educator Award
from the Association for Computing Machinery
Liang Feng
was named to ARPA-E’s first cohort of its
Inspiring Generations of New Innovators to Impact Technologies in Energy 2024 (IGNIITE 2024) program
Charles Gersbach
won an
Oxford-Harrington Rare Disease Scholar Award
to work toward reprogramming immune cells for the treatment of Hodgkin’s lymphoma
Lisa Huettel
was selected to take part in the
Institute on Inquiry, Equity and Leadership in the Academic Department
, organized by the Ivy+ Faculty Advancement Network
Jungsang Kim
won the Quantum World Congress’s
2024 Academic Pioneer of the Year Award
Nimmi Ramanujam
won a
Department of Defense 2024 Innovator Award
to improve the detection and treatment of early-stage breast cancer
Michael Reiter
was the recipient of the
2024 Lasting Research Award
from the Association for Computing Machinery Conference on Data and Application Security and Privacy (ACM CODASPY)
Michael Rubinstein
, Stephen L. Craig and team won a
2024 Materials Chemistry Horizon Prize
Michael Rubinstein
won the
National American Chemical Society Award in Polymers
Kishor Trivedi
won the
2024 Jean-Claude Laprie Award in Dependable Computing
by the IFIP Working Group 10.4 on Dependable Computing and Fault Tolerance
Mark Wiesner
was presented with the
2024 Simon W. Freese Award
and delivered the Freese Lecture at the meeting of the American Society of Civil Engineer’s Environmental & Water Resources Institute
2023-2024
Spring
Ken Brown
co-led the Computing Community Consortium’s five-year update to the
Next Steps in Quantum Computing Workshop Report
.
Pranam Chatterjee
received a
$50,000 donation from the foundation EndAxD
to work toward a cure for Alexander Disease.
Yiran Chen
was named the inaugural editor-in-chief of the new
Transactions on Circuits and Systems for Artificial Intelligence
.
Yiran Chen
was appointed a
Computer Society Distinguished Visitor for 2024 – 2026
.
Yiran Chen
won a
“Test of Time” award
for laying the foundations of neuromorphic computing.
Yiran Chen
was
elected to the National Academy of Inventors
.
Joel Collier
received a
Clemson Award from the Society for Biomaterials
for his contributions to research and scientific literature.
Leslie Collins
was
elected a Fellow of the IEEE
.
Shaundra B. Daily
was named to two influential roles within the
National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine (NASEM)
.
Earl Dowell
was awarded
J.S. Rao Medal in Vibration Engineering
.
Jessilyn Dunn
won a
National Science Foundation CAREER Award
to improve biosignal algorithms.
Emily Edwards
was appointed as a committee member within the
National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine (NASEM)
.
Liang Feng
received an award from the
Scialog Negative Emission Science (NES) Program
.
Aaron Franklin
was
elected a Fellow of the IEEE
.
Kenneth Hall
won the
2024 R. Tom Sawyer Award from the American Society of Mechanical Engineers
.
A-Andrew Jones
won the
SSMN Early Career Alumnus Award
from the Social Science Research Council and Alfred P. Sloan Foundation’s Sloan Scholars Mentoring Network.
Jungsang Kim
was
elected to the National Academy of Inventors
.
Natalia Litchinitser
was
named a Fellow of SPIE
, the international society for optics and photonics, and
named to the Committee on Atomic, Molecular, and Optical Sciences (CAMOS)
.
Jerome Lynch
won the
George W. Housner Structural Control & Monitoring Medal
from the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE).
Amanda Randles
won the
ACM Prize in Computing
.
Amanda Randles
was named a
Distinguished Member by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM)
.
Ann Saterbak
won the
Biomedical Engineering Lifetime Faculty Mentor Award
from the American Society for Engineering Education Biomedical Engineering Division
Tatiana Segura
received a
Clemson Award from the Society for Biomaterials
for her contributions to research and scientific literature.
Emily Wenger
was selected for the
2024 Forbes 30 under 30 list
.
Blake Wilson
was inducted into the
College of Fellows of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering (AIMBE)
.
Blake Wilson
won the
2024 IEEE Medal for Innovation in Healthcare Technology
.
2022-2023
Spring
Yiran Chen (ECE)
was appointed to the Committee on Using Machine Learning in Safety-Critical Applications: Setting a Research Agenda, which has been convened under the auspices of the Computer Science and Telecommunications Board’s (CSTB) of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. He was also elected a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS).
Ingrid Daubechies (ECE, Math)
won the 2023 Wolf Prize, known as Israel’s Nobel Prize.
Jessilyn Dunn (BME)
and her lab were selected to participate in the 2023 Google Season of Docs.
Aaron Franklin (ECE)
won the MCC Hall of Fame Alumni Achievement Award.
Charles Gersbach (BME)
made the 2022 Clarivate “Highly Cited Researchers” list and was elected to the National Academy of Inventors.
Warren Grill (BME)
won the first annual North American Neuromodulation Society Clinical and Basic Science/Engineering Innovator Award and was elected to the National Academy of Inventors. He was also named the editor-in-chief of the Journal of Neural Engineering, and he and his collaborators advanced to Phase II of the Neuromod Prize competition.
Roarke Horstmeyer (BME)
received a CAREER Award from the National Science Foundation.
Gaby Katul (CEE)
was elected to the National Academy of Engineering.
Cameron Kim (BME)
received the Best Work-in-Progress presentation from the American Society for Engineering Education in the Biomedical Engineering Division.
Nimmi Ramanujam (BME)
received the Biomedical Engineering Award from IEEE.
Amanda Randles (BME)
won a high-impact computational science award through the Innovative and Novel Computational Impact on Theory and Experiment (INCITE) program.
Michael Reiter
was awarded a “Test of Time” award at the 2022 ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security.
Daniel Reker (BME)
received the Trailblazer Award from the National Institute of Health’s National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering.
Michael Rubinstein (BME)
was named a Fellow of the American Chemical Society.
Tatiana Segura (BME)
was named a Senior Member of the National Academy of Inventors.
Adrienne Stiff-Roberts (ECE)
won an NSF BRITE Fellowship.
Kishor Trivedi (ECE)
won a Distinguished Alumnus Award from IIT Bombay.
Mark Wiesner (CEE)
made the 2022 Clarivate “Highly Cited Researchers” list and won the 2024 Simon W. Freese Environmental Engineering Award and Lecture presented by the ASCE’s Environmental and Water Resources Institute (EWRI).
Summer
Adrian Bejan (MEMS)
won a silver medal in the 2023 Nautilus Book Awards in Science and Cosmology for his book “Time and Beauty”
Pranam Chatterjee (BME)
won a 2022 Hartwell Biomedical Research Award
Yiran Chen (ECE)
won a 2024 IEEE Transactions on Emerging Topics In Computational Intelligence Outstanding Paper Award, for his work titled “End-to-End Detection-Segmentation System for Face Labeling”
Jeff Glass (ECE)
was appointed to the Engineering Research Visioning Alliance (ERVA) Standing Council.
Joe Izatt (BME)
was selected for a fellowship to build skills in equity-centered academic leadership as an Ivy+ Provost Leadership Fellow
Gaby Katul (CEE)
was elected a Fellow of the American Meteorological Society, the main societal organization that deals with weather and climate
Samira Musah (BME)
received a New Innovator Award from the National Institutes of Health’s High-Risk, High-Reward Research Program
Amanda Randles (BME)
won the Association for Computing Machinery SIGHPC Emerging Woman Leader In Technical Computing
Tuan Vo-Dinh (BME)
and his startup Minutia, which is pursuing a functional cure for Type 1 diabetes, won the first American Diabetes Association Innovation Challenge
2021-2022
Krish Chakrabarty (ECE)
was appointed to DARPA’s Microsystems Exploratory Council for a term of three years.
Earl Dowell (MEMS)
was awarded the 2022 American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) Thomas K. Caughey Dynamics Award.
Claudia Gunsch (CEE)
was named a fellow of the American Society of Civil Engineers Environmental & Water Resources Institute and elected to the board of directors of the Association of Environmental Engineering and Science Professors.
Tony Jun Huang (MEMS)
was elected as a member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts.
Robert Kielb
received the International Symposium for Unsteady Aerodynamic, Aeroacoustics & Aeroelasticity of Turbomachines Award for Unwavering Support and Contributions.”
Maiken Mikkelsen (ECE)
was named an associate editor of the journal Optica.
David Mitzi (MEMS)
received a Spiers Memorial Medal from the Royal Society of Chemistry.
Christine Payne (MEMS)
was selected as an Ivy+ Provost Leadership Fellow.
Nimmi Ramanujam (BME)
won the IEEE Biomedical Engineering Award.
Tatiana Segura (BME)
joined the editorial board of Advanced Healthcare Materials.
Lisa Wu Wills (ECE)
was accepted to attend the National Academy of Engineering’s Grainger Foundation Frontiers of Engineering 2022 Symposium.
2020-2021
National Recognition and Professional Leadership
Fellow
, American Association for the Advancement of Science—Cate Brinson
Fellow
, National Academy of Inventors—Tony Jun Huang
Fellow
, Royal Society of Chemistry (UK)—Christine Payne
Fellow
, Sigma Xi—Henry Petroski
Member
, National Quantum Initiative Advisory Committee, U.S. Department of Energy/White House Office of Science & Technology Policy—Jungsang Kim and Christopher Monroe
Member
, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Science Advisory Board—Mark Borsuk
Deputy Human Risk Manager, NASA Johnson Space Center—Dan Buckland
Member
, North Carolina Board of Science, Technology and Innovation (governor’s appointment)—Bill Walker
Champion of Science
, UNESCO International Day of Light Steering Committee—Junjie Yao
2020 Outstanding Technical Staff Award
, National Nanotechnology Coordinated Infrastructure/National Science Foundation (NSF)—Justin Gladman
Professional Society Recognition
Fellow, American Chemical Society (ACS)—Matthew Becker
Fellow
, Association for Computing Machinery (ACM)—Yiran Chen
Fellow, Optical Society of America (OSA)—
Sina Farsiu
,
Chris Monroe
Fellow, International Union of Societies for Biomaterials Science and Engineering—Ravi V. Bellamkonda, Jennifer West and Ashutosh Chilkoti
Lifetime Achievement Award
, Reliability Society (IEEE)—Kishor Trivedi
Lifetime Achievement Award
, International Association for Green Energy—Adrian Bejan
Edwin H. Land Medal
, The Optical Society (OSA) and Society for Imaging Science and Technology (IS&T)—Joseph Izatt
Vitold Belevitch Award
, IEEE Circuits and Systems Society (CASS)—Krishnendu Chakrabarty
R. Tom Sawyer Award
, International Gas Turbine Institute/American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME)—Bob Kielb
Chris Jacobs Award
, Cellular and Molecular Engineering Special Interest Group (BMES)—George Truskey
IEEE-HKN Asad M. Madni Outstanding Technical Achievement and Excellence Award—Krishnendu Chakrabarty
IEEE Carl Hellmuth Hertz Ultrasonics Award
—Kathryn Nightingale
Distinguished Research Award
, IEEE Computer Society Technical Committee on Very Large Scale Integration—Helen Li
Outstanding Teaching Award
, American Society for Engineering Education (ASEE)-Southeastern Section—Lisa Huettel
ECE Distinguished Educator Award
, American Society for Engineering Education (ASEE)—Lisa Huettel
Systems Prize Paper Award
, IEEE Transactions on Very Large Scale Integration—Krishnendu Chakrabarty
Best Paper Award, 2020 Conference of the Division of Experimentation and Laboratory Oriented Studies/ASEE—Aaron Franklin, Kip Coonley and Alex Culbert
Best Review of 2020
,
Nanoscale Horizons
—Gaurav Arya and Marcello DeLuca
Dissertation Runner-Up Award, ACM SIGMOBILE—Tingjun Chen
Editor-in-chief
,
Biomedical Engineering Education
(BMES)—Ann Saterbak
Editor-in-chief
,
Optical Engineering
(SPIE)—Adam Wax
Early Career Awards
Early Career Development (CAREER) Awards, National Science Foundation—
Andrew Bragg
,
Iman Marvian
,
Manolis Veveakis
,
Lisa Wu Wills
2021 Microsoft Research Faculty Fellowship
—Boyla Mainsah
2021 McKnight Technological Innovations in Neuroscience Award
—Timothy Dunn
2020 Photonics Young Investigator Award Lectureship
, American Chemical Society—Maiken Mikkelsen
2020 Young Innovator of Cellular and Molecular Bioengineering
, Biomedical Engineering Society—Amanda Randles
Army Research Office Young Investigator Award
—Neil Gong
IBM Global University Program Academic Award—Tingjun Chen
Mid-Career Award
, IEEE Technical Committee on Cyber-Physical Systems—Yiran Chen
University Awards and Recognition
DUKE UNIVERSITY
Graduate School Dean’s Award for Excellence in Mentoring
—Aaron Franklin
2021 Bass Fellows
—Michael Bergin, Joel Collier
Edmund T. Pratt, Jr. Distinguished Professor, Stefano Curtarolo
John W. Strohbehn Distinguished Professor of Biomedical Engineering, Charles A. Gersbach
Gilhuly Family Presidential Distinguished Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Christopher Monroe
PRATT SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING
Klein Family Distinguished Teaching Award—Libby Bucholz
Stansell Family Distinguished Research Award—Maiken Mikkelsen
Lois and John L. Imhoff Distinguished Teaching Award—Adrienne Stiff-Roberts
Capers and Marion McDonald Award for Excellence in Teaching and Research—Marc Sommer
Capers and Marion McDonald Award for Excellence in Mentoring and Advising—Shani Daily
Dean’s Award for Leadership in Program and Operational Excellence—Manuela Damian
Media Recognition
Silver Medal Award
,
Acta Biomateriala
—Tatiana Segura
Most Highly Cited Researcher
, Web of Science (Clarivate)—Charles Gersbach, David Mitzi, David R. Smith and Mark Wiesner
2019-2020
National Academy of Engineering Membership
Kenneth C. Hall, Julian Francis Abele Distinguished Professor and Professor of Mechanical Engineering and Materials Science
National Recognition and Professional Leadership
Fellow, American Association for the Advancement of Science—Ravi Bellamkonda, Ashutosh Chilkoti and Tony Huang
Fellow, National Academy of Inventors—Kathryn Nightingale and Blake Wilson
Senior Member, National Academy of Inventors—Krishnendu Chakrabarty and Amanda Randles
Chair, US Frontiers of Engineering Symposium, National Academy of Engineering—Jennifer West
Chair, Aerospace Engineering Peer Committee, National Academy of Engineering—Earl H. Dowell
Member, National Advisory Council, National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering-NIH—Kathy Nightingale
Chevalier, l’Ordre des Palmes Académiques (France)—Adrian Bejan
TÜBA International Academy Prize in Basic & Engineering Sciences, Turkish Academy of Sciences—Adrian Bejan
Italia Award, Aspen Institute—Natasha Litchinitser
Outstanding Staff Member Award for Education and Outreach, NSF National Nanotechnology Coordinated Infrastructure—Holly Leddy
Professional Society Recognition
National Award in the Chemistry of Materials, American Chemical Society—David Mitzi
Outstanding Teacher Award-Southeastern Section, American Society of Engineering Education (ASEE)—Ann Saterbak
Michael S. Feld Biophotonics Award, The Optical Society—Nimmi Ramanujam
Biophotonics Technology Innovator Award, Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers (SPIE)—Nimmi Ramanujam
Women in Molecular Imaging (WIMIN) Outstanding Leadership Award, World Molecular Imaging Congress—Nimmi Ramanujam
Mid-Career Award, IEEE Council on Electronic Design Automation Technical Committee on Cyber-Physical Systems—Yiran Chen
Prolific Author Award, Asia and South Pacific Automation Conference (ASD-DAC)—Yiran Chen
High Performance Computer Architecture Hall of Fame, IEEE Computer Society—Yiran Chen
Best Research Artifact Award, IEEE International Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks (IPSN)—Maria Gorlatova
Alan O. Plait Award for Tutorial Excellence, 2021 Reliability & Maintainability Symposium (RAMS)—Kishor Trivedi
Nominee, 2020 A F Harvey Engineering Research Prize, Institution of Engineering and Technology—Warren Grill
College of Fellows, American Institute for Medical and Biomedical Engineering (AIMBE)—Sina Farsiu, Asutosh Chilkoti
Fellow, American Vacuum Society—Stefan Zauscher
Fellow, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE)—Sina Farsiu and Jeffrey Krolik
Fellow, Institute of Mathematical Statistics—Cynthia Rudin
Fellow, International Union of Societies for Biomaterials and Engineering—Ashutosh Chilkoti
Fellow, The Optical Society of America—Michael Gehm
Fellow of Undersea and Hyperbaric Medicine, Undersea & Hyperbaric Medical Society—Laurens Howle
Distinguished Member, Association of Computing Machinery—Benjamin Lee
President, American Association of Physicists in Medicine—James T. Dobbins III
Dean’s Council Executive Board Member, American Association of Engineering Education (ASEE)—Ravi V. Bellamkonda
Editor-in-Chief,
IEEE Circuits and Systems Magazine
(CAS-M)—Yiran Chen
Associate Editor,
Journal of Computational Physics
—Guglielmo Scovazzi
Member, Editorial Board,
PRX Quantum
—Ken Brown
EMBS Distinguished Lecturer, IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society—Nimmi Ramanujam
Morton Antler Lecturer, IEEE Holm Conference on Electrical Contacts—Mary “Missy” Cummings
Rayleigh Lecturer, International Mechanical Engineering Congress and Exposition (IMECE)—Earl H. Dowell
Early Career Awards
CAREER Award, National Science Foundation (NSF)—Johan Guilleminot, Amanda Randles
Young Investigator Award, IEEE Photonics Society—Junjie Yao
Rising Star Award, Association of Chinese Scholars in Computing (ACSIC)—Neil Gong
Fellowships and Research Awards
Carnegie African Diaspora Fellowship, Institute of International Education (IIE)—Edgard Ngaboyamahina
Moore Inventor Fellowship, Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation—Maiken Mikkelsen
Faculty Fellow in Israel, Jewish National Fund—Xiling Shen
Systems for Machine Learning Research Award, Facebook Research—Lisa Wu Wills
Top 100 Finalist,
100&Change
Competition, John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation—Nimmi Ramanujam
University Awards and Honors
Aleksander S. Vesic Distinguished Professor of Mechanical Engineering and Materials Science, Duke University—Michael Rubinstein
Hugo L. Blomquist Distinguished Professor of Chemistry, Duke University—Matthew Becker
Bass Fellow, Duke University—Brenton Hoffmann and Christine Payne
Undergraduate Mentor of the Year, Mary Lou Williams Center, Duke University—Shani Daily
WOMc Impact Award, Duke Women’s Center—Nimmi Ramanujam
Klein Family Distinguished Teaching Award, Pratt School of Engineering—Eric S. Richardson
Stansell Family Distinguished Research Award, Pratt School—Ken Brown
Lois & John L. Imhoff Distinguished Teaching Award, Pratt School—Joel Collier
Capers & Marion McDonald Award for Excellence in Mentoring & Advising, Pratt School—Rebecca Simmons
Capers & Marion McDonald Award for Excellence in Teaching & Research, Pratt School—Aaron Franklin
Dean’s Award for Leadership in Program & Operational Excellence, Pratt School—Patrick McGuire
Willie Hobbs Moore Distinguished Lectureship, University of Michigan—Adrienne Stiff-Roberts
Media Recognition
100 Inspiring Black Scientists in America,
Cell Press
—Samira Musah
Early Career Board,
Nano Letters
—Po-Chun Hsu
Top 0.01% of world scientists in new citations impact,
PLoS Biology
—Adrian Bejan
Highly Cited Researchers,
ISI-Web of Science
—Charles Gersbach, David Mitzi, Willie Padilla, Guillermo Sapiro, David Smith and Mark Wiesner
50
th
Anniversary Milestone Paper,
Physics Review B
—David Smith
2018-2019
National Academy of Engineering Membership
Ana Barros
Vahid Tarokh
National Research and Professional Leadership Awards
Fellow, American Association for the Advancement of Science—Krishnendu Chakrabarty
Fellow, International Academy of Medical and Biological Engineering (IAMBE)—Ravi Bellamkonda and George Truskey
Fulbright Global Scholar Award, U.S. Department of State—Nimmi Ramanujam
Trailblazer Award, National Institutes of Health—Stefan Zauscher
Humboldt Research Award, Alexander von Humboldt Foundation—Adrian Bejan
International Award for Women in Science-North American Laureate, UNESCO & L’Oreal—Ingrid Daubechies
Highway Safety Hero, Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety—Mary “Missy” Cummings
Social Impact Abie Award, AnitaB.org—Nimmi Ramanujam
Member, Science Advisory Board, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency—Mark Wiesner
Professional Society Recognition
Fellow, American Physical Society—Willie Padilla and Ken Brown
Fellow, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE)—Hai “Helen” Li
Fellow, American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering (AIMBE)—Lingchong You
Distinguished Member, Association for Computing Machinery—Yiran Chen
Hydrology President, American Geophysical Union—Ana Barros
Van C. Mow Medal, American Society of Mechanical Engineers—Tony Jun Huang
Innovative Applications of Analytics Award, The Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences—Cynthia Rudin
IEEE Undergraduate Teaching Award—Lisa G. Huettel
IEEE Bob Madge Innovation Award—Krishnendu Chakrabarty
AEESP/Mary Ann Liebert Award for Publication Excellence in Environmental Engineering Science—Helen Hsu-Kim
Sir George Stokes Award, Royal Society of Chemistry (United Kingdom)—Tuan Vo-Dinh
2019 Soft Matter and Physical Chemistry Award, Royal Society of Chemistry (United Kingdom)—Michael Rubinstein
Test of Time Award, International Conference on Machine Learning—Guillermo Sapiro
Early Career Awards
Faculty Early Career Development (CAREER) Award, National Science Foundation—Yiyang Gong
Young Investigator Award, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE)—Junjie Yao
Early Career Award, Association for Computing Machinery Special Interest Group on Embedded Systems—Miroslav Pajic
University and School Honors
Graduate Dean’s Award for Excellence in Mentoring (Duke University)—Jennifer West
Betsy Alden Outstanding Service-Learning Award (Duke University)—Kevin Caves
Bass Connection Professor (Duke University)—Amanda Randles, Stacy Tantum and Vahid Tarokh
Klein Family Distinguished Teaching Award (Duke University Pratt School of Engineering)—Wanda Krassowska Neu
Stansell Family Distinguished Research Award (Duke University Pratt School of Engineering)—Charles Gersbach
Lois and John L. Imhoff Distinguished Teaching Award (Duke University Pratt School of Engineering)—Ann Saterbak
Capers and Marion McDonald Mentoring and Advising Award (Duke University Pratt School of Engineering)—Gregg Trahey
Capers and Marion McDonald Teaching and Research Award (Duke University Pratt School of Engineering)—Sina Farsiu
Dean’s Award for Leadership in Program and Operational Excellence (Duke University Pratt School of Engineering)—Crystal Chapman
Distinguished Alumni Award (Duke University)—Blake Wilson
Distinguished Alumni Award (University of Illinois Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering)—Qing Ho Liu
Distinguished Alumni Award (University of Illinois Department of Mechanical Science & Engineering)—Ken Gall
R. Wells Moulton Award for Distinguished Alumnus in Academia (University of Washington Department of Chemical Engineering)—Ashutosh Chilkoti
Fudan-Zhongzhi Science Award (Fudan University and Zhongzhi Enterprise Group)—Ingrid Daubechies
Fellow, Executive Leadership in Academic Technology, Engineering and Science (Drexel University)—Claudia Gunsch
Media Recognition
Top 1% of Highly Cited Researchers, Clarivate Analytics—Steven Cummer, David Mitzi, David Smith, Mark Wiesner and Benjamin Wiley
“10 Breakthrough Technologies 2019,”
MIT Technology Review
—Jeff Glass
Duke Pratt School of Engineering Logo
305 Teer Engineering Bldg
Box 90271
Durham, NC 27708
(919) 660-5386
Duke Engineering Now Newsletter
Email
Visit
Contact Us
Emergency Information
Pratt Intranet
Engineering Faculty Council
Faculty Governance
Accessibility
Report a Web Problem
© Copyright
— All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Duke University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the
Duke Privacy Statement
.
I Accept