Advising | Duke Pratt School of Engineering
Apply
Menu
Who We Are
Our Story
Our Story
Dean’s Welcome
Strategic Vision
Focus Themes
History
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Community
Character Forward
Our Team
Dean’s Office Staff
Board of Visitors
Full Directory
Careers
Visit Us
Awards & Recognition
External Faculty Awards
NAE Members
Pratt School of Engineering Awards
Admissions
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Design
Undergraduate Student Outcomes
Master's
Master’s Admissions
Master’s Student Outcomes
PhD
PhD Admissions
PhD Student Outcomes
Financial Support
Admitted Students
International Students
Campus Tours
Academics
Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Mechanical Engineering & Materials Science
Institute for Enterprise Engineering
Faculty
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Experience
General Degree Requirements
Majors & Minors
4+1: Bachelors & Master’s Program
Your First Year
Student Entrepreneurship
Undergraduate Research
Master's
Master’s Experience
Master’s Degrees
PhD
Certificates
Life at Pratt
Life at Pratt
Organizations & Clubs
Life in Durham
Student Resources
Undergraduate Student Resources
Graduate Student Resources
Advising
Internships & Career Services
PhD Plus Professional Development
Undergraduate Policies & Procedures
Research & Impact
Pre-Research Support
High-Impact Research
Signature Research Areas
Selected External Funding Awards
Centers & Institutes
Translation
Signature Discoveries
Entrepreneurship
Community-Based Innovation
2024 Impact Report
News & Events
News
Media Coverage
Media Hits
Media Relations
Publications
Magazines
Email Newsletters
Rate of Change Podcast
Events
All Events
Commencement
Engineers Week
Search
Submit
Alumni & Parents
Alumni
Parents
Giving
Industry
Industry Engagement
Student Engagement
Affiliates Program
Give
Directory
Apply
Advising
A Whole-Student Approach
We think advising should solve problems, manage uncertainty and open doors. Plus, it should support your well being while challenging and inspiring you.
Advising is really an extended, deeply engaged dialogue on living a life of purpose. Let’s start talking.
For Undergraduates
For Master’s & PhD
Undergraduate Students
The transition to college is complex. Figuring out how to find help shouldn’t be. 360 Coaching is the answer.
360 Coaching
To help our newest students thrive, we’ve designed a first-year approach for each student that provides more than an advisor. You’ll be welcomed into a team that forms an entire network of support.
Your 360 Coach
On day one, you’ll meet your 360 Coach, a specially trained faculty member you will meet with regularly. You’ll discuss course selection, but the conversation extends much further. Your coach is your navigator through the web of academic systems. As you identify your needs, your coach is also your gateway, securely connecting you to Duke student support services.
Your Academic Dean
The expert on your team. You will be assigned an academic dean in your first year, and you’ll work with this academic wizard throughout your time at Duke Engineering. An academic dean supplements your departmental advisor and connects you with opportunities and support services.
Meet the academic deans »
Office of Undergraduate Student Affairs
Supplementing Duke’s own robust resources, our own Office of Undergraduate Student Affairs is the hub of student life in the Pratt School of Engineering. It has a pretty sweet website too—
the
best place to find out what you can do, and what’s going on at Duke Engineering.
Visit Undergraduate Student Affairs »
Your Departmental Advisor
As your career at Duke progresses, you select a major and a home department. There, you’ll work with a faculty member to maximize your experience at Duke. Have you considered a certificate program? Would you like to try independent study? Your departmental advisor can help you decide.
E-Team Peer Advisors
E-Teamers
are
experienced
engineering students eager to help first-year students learn the ropes.
Meet the E-Team
Academic Support Options
Your coach and dean are up-to-speed on the latest resources available to you at Duke. Struggling with a course? Need math help? Get a referral to Duke’s
Academic Resource Center
. Get tailored advice from a
Director of Academic Engagement
. There’s more personalized advising available from the
Academic Guide
assigned to your residential quad.
Health & Wellness Amenities
Get connected to resources supporting your physical and mental well-being, including
DukeReach
and
Duke Counseling & Psychological Services
.
The Duke Student Wellness Center houses Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS), a physical therapy unit, DuWell, DukeReach, Nutrition Services, the Oasis Campus Center and the new campus pharmacy.
Wellness Center
Appropriately, the Student Wellness Center is located in the heart of campus.
Programs offered include
Medical services
Stress and anxiety management
Counseling and psychological services
Explore the Center
Master’s & PhD Students
Mentoring begins, really,
before
Day One. During the admission process, Duke invites selected applicants to campus. You meet faculty and leading students—and start an immersive discussion about aspirations and purpose.
Your Program Director
The director of graduate or master’s study in your department—and their colleagues—are major sources of support during your time at Duke. Directors oversee the students in their programs and are often the first place to check when you’ve got a question.
Your Departmental Mentoring Team
A broad mentoring network for each PhD student will be a hallmark of your Duke Engineering experience. Your academic department will help you form a personal mentoring team that includes faculty members and senior PhD students.
Duke Graduate Student Affairs
From health and wellness support to post-degree career planning to exploring cultural diversity to exercising your personal interests through student groups,
Student Affairs has got you covered
.
Duke Pratt School of Engineering Logo
305 Teer Engineering Bldg
Box 90271
Durham, NC 27708
(919) 660-5386
Duke Engineering Now Newsletter
Email
Visit
Contact Us
Emergency Information
Pratt Intranet
Engineering Faculty Council
Faculty Governance
Accessibility
Report a Web Problem
© Copyright
— All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Duke University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the
Duke Privacy Statement
.
I Accept