Majors & Minors | Duke Pratt School of Engineering
Apply
Menu
Who We Are
Our Story
Our Story
Dean’s Welcome
Strategic Vision
Focus Themes
History
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Community
Character Forward
Our Team
Dean’s Office Staff
Board of Visitors
Full Directory
Careers
Visit Us
Awards & Recognition
External Faculty Awards
NAE Members
Pratt School of Engineering Awards
Admissions
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Design
Undergraduate Student Outcomes
Master's
Master’s Admissions
Master’s Student Outcomes
PhD
PhD Admissions
PhD Student Outcomes
Financial Support
Admitted Students
International Students
Campus Tours
Academics
Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Mechanical Engineering & Materials Science
Institute for Enterprise Engineering
Faculty
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Experience
General Degree Requirements
Majors & Minors
4+1: Bachelors & Master’s Program
Your First Year
Student Entrepreneurship
Undergraduate Research
Master's
Master’s Experience
Master’s Degrees
PhD
Certificates
Life at Pratt
Life at Pratt
Organizations & Clubs
Life in Durham
Student Resources
Undergraduate Student Resources
Graduate Student Resources
Advising
Internships & Career Services
PhD Plus Professional Development
Undergraduate Policies & Procedures
Research & Impact
Pre-Research Support
High-Impact Research
Signature Research Areas
Selected External Funding Awards
Centers & Institutes
Translation
Signature Discoveries
Entrepreneurship
Community-Based Innovation
2024 Impact Report
News & Events
News
Media Coverage
Media Hits
Media Relations
Publications
Magazines
Email Newsletters
Rate of Change Podcast
Events
All Events
Commencement
Engineers Week
Search
Submit
Alumni & Parents
Alumni
Parents
Giving
Industry
Industry Engagement
Student Engagement
Affiliates Program
Give
Directory
Apply
Majors & Minors
Be Blown Away by the Opportunities
Duke is chock-full of choices—including 6 engineering majors and 3 engineering minors.
Learn about tissue engineering, deploy AI, explore mechatronics and more. And that’s just the beginning.
As an engineering student, you can explore all of Duke—including dozens of horizon-expanding options across the arts and sciences.
6
engineering majors
Including a customizable interdisciplinary option
3
engineering minors
Options include AI, energy and computer engineering
ABET Accredited
Each of Duke’s department-based engineering majors is accredited by the Engineering Accreditation Commission of ABET.
Visit Abet
Engineering Majors at Duke
Picking a major is a big decision.
But making it doesn’t close out options, it widens the horizon. Selecting a major is picking a road from which a huge number of multidisciplinary paths branch off.
During the summer after First Year, you’ll declare your major. As you move down that road, you’ll encounter options to layer on minors and certificates, and perhaps even a second major.
Biomedical Engineering
Take on societally critical challenges in biology and health care, including the design of medical technology.
Study Areas Include
Imaging and instrumentation
Tissue engineering
Double-major options with civil, environmental, electrical and computer, mechanical, and computer science
Explore BME
Civil & Environmental Engineering (CEE) 463L class at American Tobacco Complex- Water Resources Engineering
Descriptive and quantitative hydrology, hydraulics of pressure conduits and measurement of flow, compound pipe systems, analysis of flow in pressure distribution systems, open channel flow, reservoirs and distribution system storage. Groundwater hydrology and well-hydraulics. Probability and statistics in water resources.
Instructors: Gabriel (Gaby) Katul, Professor of Hydrology and Micrometeorology, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering
David Schaad, Professor of the Practice and Associate Chair, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering
Civil Engineering
Lead the Fifth Industrial Revolution—designing solutions aimed at broadly-shared well-being, for people and the planet.
Study Areas Include
Structural engineering and mechanics
Environmental engineering and water resources
Double-major option with biomedical engineering
Explore CE
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Integrate computing and electronic knowledge with design skill to create new devices and software.
Study Areas Include
Computer engineering and digital systems
Solid-state devices and integrated circuits
Minor in Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning
Explore ECE
Photos of Jeseth Delgado Vela, Andrew D Jones, Nicole Rockey, in their labs on the second floor of the Wilkinson building on January 6, 2025. These images will be used to update imagery on the Pratt website.
Environmental Engineering
Develop systems and structures that restore and protect the planet’s air, water and soil.
Study Areas Include
Water resources engineering
Biotechnology and bioremediation
Double-major option with biomedical engineering
Explore EnvE
Mechanical Engineering
Invent machines that improve lives, in fields as varied as health care, manufacturing, energy and transportation.
Study Areas Include
Mechatronics
Mechanical design
Double-major option with biomedical engineering
Explore ME
Interdisciplinary Option: IDEAS
Through our IDEAS: Interdisciplinary Engineering & Applied Science program, you explore a topic important to you. It’s a customized major—pick a pre-approved template or propose your own.
IDEAS curricula are not specifically accredited by ABET but satisfy national general engineering accreditation criteria. Click to get started.
Download IDEAS Template
IDEAS Major in Risk, Data & Financial Engineering
The template for this interdisciplinary major (RDFE) is approved and ready to go. Click for details.
Download RDFE Template
Engineering Minors at Duke
A minor is a sequence of courses focused on a discipline.
All Duke Minors
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Enhance your engineering major with a minor in the digital technologies that are increasingly embedded in machines and devices.
Energy Engineering
Explore renewable energy technologies while you prepare for a career designing solutions to challenges in generation, transmission and storage.
Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence
Build a solid foundation of the theory behind—and the possible applications of—AI technologies.
Duke’s Curricula for the Curious
There’s no wrong way to navigate the Duke academic experience.
More possibilities
Duke Pratt School of Engineering Logo
305 Teer Engineering Bldg
Box 90271
Durham, NC 27708
(919) 660-5386
Duke Engineering Now Newsletter
Email
Visit
Contact Us
Emergency Information
Pratt Intranet
Engineering Faculty Council
Faculty Governance
Accessibility
Report a Web Problem
© Copyright
— All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Duke University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the
Duke Privacy Statement
.
I Accept