Master's Admissions | Duke Pratt School of Engineering
Apply
Menu
Who We Are
Our Story
Our Story
Dean’s Welcome
Strategic Vision
Focus Themes
History
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Community
Character Forward
Our Team
Dean’s Office Staff
Board of Visitors
Full Directory
Careers
Visit Us
Awards & Recognition
External Faculty Awards
NAE Members
Pratt School of Engineering Awards
Admissions
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Design
Undergraduate Student Outcomes
Master's
Master’s Admissions
Master’s Student Outcomes
PhD
PhD Admissions
PhD Student Outcomes
Financial Support
Admitted Students
International Students
Campus Tours
Academics
Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Mechanical Engineering & Materials Science
Institute for Enterprise Engineering
Faculty
Undergraduate
Undergraduate Experience
General Degree Requirements
Majors & Minors
4+1: Bachelors & Master’s Program
Your First Year
Student Entrepreneurship
Undergraduate Research
Master's
Master’s Experience
Master’s Degrees
PhD
Certificates
Life at Pratt
Life at Pratt
Organizations & Clubs
Life in Durham
Student Resources
Undergraduate Student Resources
Graduate Student Resources
Advising
Internships & Career Services
PhD Plus Professional Development
Undergraduate Policies & Procedures
Research & Impact
Pre-Research Support
High-Impact Research
Signature Research Areas
Selected External Funding Awards
Centers & Institutes
Translation
Signature Discoveries
Entrepreneurship
Community-Based Innovation
2024 Impact Report
News & Events
News
Media Coverage
Media Hits
Media Relations
Publications
Magazines
Email Newsletters
Rate of Change Podcast
Events
All Events
Commencement
Engineers Week
Search
Submit
Alumni & Parents
Alumni
Parents
Giving
Industry
Industry Engagement
Student Engagement
Affiliates Program
Give
Directory
Apply
Master’s Admissions
Take on Tomorrow’s Challenges
The world moves fast. Our engineering master’s programs move even faster. With an eye on emerging trends and industry needs, our flexible degree programs equip and inspire engineers who shape the future. Accelerate your career at Duke.
Contact Admissions
How to Apply
Specialties That Will Shape the Future
With a Duke master’s degree, you’ll launch into the world with the know-how and sense of purpose you need to create innovative solutions to serious challenges faced by real people.
Student Outcomes
Artificial Intelligence
for Product Innovation
Biomedical Engineering
Civil Engineering
Climate & Sustainability Engineering
Computational Mechanics
& Scientific Computing
Cybersecurity
Design & Technology Innovation
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Engineering Management
Environmental Engineering
Financial Technology
Game Design, Development & Innovation
Materials Science
Mechanical Engineering
Medical Technology Design
Photonics & Optical Sciences
Risk Engineering
Robotics & Autonomy
Materials Science & Engineering
Via the University Program in Materials Science & Engineering
Contact Admissions
Join Our Mailing List
Email Us
Applying to Duke
Explore Your Options
Master of Science, Master of Engineering or Master of Engineering Management?
Attend a Virtual Event
Or watch helpful on-demand content, including application tips
Dates & Deadlines
Find the date of the next application deadline for your preferred degree program.
Start Your Application
Select the gateway to your program’s online application.
The Data
943
Master’s students
17,000+
Duke Engineering alumni
#13
Most Innovative Schools
U.S. News & World Report
Top 10
Graduate Engineering Program Popular with Women
U.S. News & World Report
40
Patents issued to faculty in 2023
$94M
New research awards in FY23
↓48%
Lower cost of living in Durham vs. San Jose, Calif.
20 feet
Height of the snorting bull sign at Durham Bulls Athletic Park
Pres. Vincent Price poses for a photo with first-years after the Convocation for New Undergraduate Students at Duke Chapel.
Diversity Makes Better Engineers
An optimist sees the glass as half full. A pessimist? Half empty. An engineer sees a glass that’s twice as big as it needs to be. Point is, engineers see things differently. Duke engineers see things very differently. Why use glass at all? Can we create a more efficient material? Ooh, should we include a water quality sensor? Here, we value different backgrounds and ways of thinking—because new approaches generate new solutions.
Our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion
Bright Horizons EdAssist Partnership
We’re proud to partner with Bright Horizons EdAssist Solutions. Eligible students who use this benefit:
Pay no application fee,
and
Receive a scholarship
Learn more
Durham and Beyond
Location. Location. Location.
The heart of the NC Triangle, Duke’s hometown of Durham is vital to our student experience.
This thriving, energetic community is home to hundreds of startups and standard bearers. Nearby, Research Triangle Park is rightly famed as one of the finest global centers of tech innovation.
No one needs an advanced degree to see why Durham consistently ranked
among America’s best places to live
. Even so, we’re happy to report that the Bull City is a great place to earn one.
Discover Durham
The Durham Sign at American Tobacco Campus was created by Liberty Arts and Cricket Forge and erected in April of 2019 as a tribute to the strength and resilience of the Durham community.
The Lucky Strike smokestack and water tower rise impressively over the American Tobacco Campus (ATC). More of the downtown skyline is visible on the horizon.
The downtown Durham skyline during an heavily clouded sunset. Durham Centre, the NC Mutual Life building, and the Durham Marriott are visible on the horizon.
The renovated Chesterfield Building welcomes residents and visitors alike to Durham with a retro sign.
Community members came together during a 16-week period to create this mural as part of the Durham Civil Rights History project.
DPAC’s 2018-19 season included Broadway hits such as Hamilton, Dear Evan Hansen, and Cats.
UHill Walls at sunset. UHill Walls is a dense, walkable art experience with over 40,000 square feet of murals on 15 contiguous acres in Durham, North Carolina.
40 murals from local, national and international artists comprise one of the largest consolidated collections of murals in the Southeastern US.
The public art experience is a keystone of University Hill, a mixed-use redevelopment of an abandoned strip center with award winning food, drink, wellness and residential living.
A crowd gathers to enjoy an evening of live music during the Playlist outdoor summer concert series at Durham Central Park
Chirba Chirba Dumpling Truck: Food truck serving chinese style dumplings and pan Asian fare. Photographed at the Labor Day food truck rodeo at Durham Central Park.
M Sushi: industrial-chic space turning out traditional Japanese seafood, plus sushi options, based on Omakase
Holi Festival is the festival of colors celebrated in India to usher in the spring and celebrate the end of winter. Viceroy Durham hosted its third annual Holi celebration on the lawn at Durham Central Park right in the heart of
in downtown Durham
Durham Station Transportation Center is the transportation hub at the heart of the City of Durham that provides multiple alternatives to automobile traffic, an essential component needed to support more densely populated urban areas. The project, made possible by a combination of city, state, and federal funding, ensures more efficient transportation via GoDurham bus service throughout the Triangle.
The dinosaur statue outside of the Museum of Life + Sciences on the Ellerbee Creek Trail makes a lasting impression on visitors.
UHill Walls at sunset. UHill Walls is a dense, walkable art experience with over 40,000 square feet of murals on 15 contiguous acres in Durham, North Carolina.
40 murals from local, national and international artists comprise one of the largest consolidated collections of murals in the Southeastern US.
The public art experience is a keystone of University Hill, a mixed-use redevelopment of an abandoned strip center with award winning food, drink, wellness and residential living.
Dame’s “Almost” World Famous Chicken & Waffles offers combos of waffles & buttermilk fried chicken in a casual setting with a jazz theme.
A traditional German breakfast of schnitzel at Guglhupf. Guglhupf is an innovative bakery, cafe and biergarten serving contemporary cuisine with southern German roots, emphasizing local and seasonal ingredients.
Durham Bulls Athletic Park (DBAP) is a 10,000-seat ballpark in Durham, North Carolina that is home to the Durham Bulls, the Triple-A affiliate of the Tampa Bay Rays of Major League Baseball. It is also home to the Duke Blue Devils and North Carolina Central Eagles college baseball teams.
Long a symbol of Durham, a bronze statue of a Bull, named Major, stands in CCB plaza in the heart of downtown, and serves as a great photo op.
Duke Pratt School of Engineering Logo
305 Teer Engineering Bldg
Box 90271
Durham, NC 27708
(919) 660-5386
Duke Engineering Now Newsletter
Email
Visit
Contact Us
Emergency Information
Pratt Intranet
Engineering Faculty Council
Faculty Governance
Accessibility
Report a Web Problem
© Copyright
— All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies as well as similar tools and technologies to understand visitors' experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Duke University's usage of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the
Duke Privacy Statement
.
I Accept